Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: As we start tonight it's almost two months since you mad in Cairo on that fateful day of the Hyena attack about a month since he destroyed the demon in the fortress of ravens hold.
Timothy Sackton: And perhaps two weeks since he left the ruin the town of Kerala to search the desert for information about arcs knows, whatever else may be lurking in the depths of the nascar the last play blast planes.
Timothy Sackton: Since leaving Carola.
Timothy Sackton: you've learned of the order of the awakened soul, the Miss diabetes and since the Great War have dedicated themselves to finding the unburied dead in the desolation of shabbat and putting them to rest.
Timothy Sackton: You also learned that these same monks 30 years ago embarked on a mission somehow involving the great may try to close the portal or cleanse the land or heal evil somehow.
Timothy Sackton: seem to have failed.
Timothy Sackton: According to Karma that goes to the last master of the beach my miss die i'm who remained behind to protect the monastery since this failure evil has been growing.
Timothy Sackton: Slowly across the land.
Timothy Sackton: Until last summer when darkness arrived in Carson in the form of brush the bladed one.
Timothy Sackton: garage now apparently the master and commander ever growing clan of orcs is bent on map on war, at least for now against who's gashes cord, and apparently peaceful clan of or living somewhere along line of the desert rivers farming and keeping to themselves.
Timothy Sackton: While exploring the monastery you also discovered the still divine passageway to the initiation rituals of the beach mind missed.
Timothy Sackton: Which kenzo and seeker followed.
Timothy Sackton: Well, at the end speaker turned away.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo committed to becoming a miss die and learning that cocoon the daughter of beach my and lock I was present with her parents as always in the realm of Arc on the spiritual plane of the five sub.
Timothy Sackton: But she could not reach the world cannot reach Carola.
Timothy Sackton: could not reach her temple there to power, the mystical protections have done more, because their heart a red ochre stone imbued with their divine essence was missing.
Timothy Sackton: Turning from the initiation calls to explore the hall of stories you learn some of the history of the beach my miss die the conflicts and decisions leading up to the fateful attempt to.
Timothy Sackton: Close a portal heal the land cure evil somehow.
Timothy Sackton: And the involvement of rye initially connected to the Miss die through drink or possibly the portal to another plane there.
Timothy Sackton: Now, as you leave the tower and the hall of stories the sun is low on the horizon casting the sandstone buildings of the monastery and a beautiful radish golden light.
Timothy Sackton: As dusk approaches and the sounds of birds and the distance grows the desert feels alive.
Timothy Sackton: The fund low in the sky, the overbearing heat of the day, has passed.
Timothy Sackton: The beauty and tranquility of the monastery in this evening light is broken only by the scattered dead bodies of the orcs and meant cores and the feeling of madness that grows lurking in the long shadows of the belt means.
So what would you like to do.
In the temple.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so I have a map up in 20 oh I.
got a heading.
Timothy Sackton: Heading over to the temple.
Timothy Sackton: So it's about maybe half an hour until sunset um maybe maybe more like 40 minutes.
Timothy Sackton: And it takes you maybe five or 10 minutes to.
Timothy Sackton: approach and start to look around the temple so.
Timothy Sackton: The temple of beach by here is made of red sense down.
Timothy Sackton: Which in this.
Timothy Sackton: evening sunset light is glowing almost as if it's lit from within.
Timothy Sackton: it's in a style of where there's like no hard edges everything sort of.
Timothy Sackton: almost like waves like smooth.
Timothy Sackton: almost like a drip castle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like with wet sand.
Timothy Sackton: As you come approach the front facade i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Here now with the sun setting in the West, the temple facing East the long shadows of the two tall towers that extend maybe.
Timothy Sackton: 100 feet into the air i'm.
Timothy Sackton: stretching far across the desert into the distance.
Timothy Sackton: The entry way into the temple is an elaborate arch no doors, that is open.
Timothy Sackton: That is open into the.
Timothy Sackton: into the interior of the temple with steps that lead up to this arch way.
Timothy Sackton: And you can see, even as you approach that um.
Timothy Sackton: This temple seems to be carved with.
Timothy Sackton: engravings with like little panels of scenes outlining the.
Timothy Sackton: The history of beast mother or a.
Timothy Sackton: steeper kenzo heard or experienced in the initiation ritual of peace, my leading the den Marty from the east and south crossing the live river the.
Timothy Sackton: Death and famine as ashen dustin playfully North from the wastelands of train car and then G volleys miracle and beach mama's sacrifice to revive to volley, and this is all sort of outline outlined in.
Timothy Sackton: In these little carved scenes as you approach the entrance.
Timothy Sackton: So heading into the temple.
Timothy Sackton: Again, the shadows stretching.
Your message Mike.
Timothy Sackton: You head into the into the foyer.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: hold on.
Mike Sackton: i'm gonna i'm gonna hold up my hand as we as we're walking up the steps to the temple white motioning people to stop.
Eric Rosenbaum: It takes secret a second to notice because he's like beginning to.
Eric Rosenbaum: reach out to put his hand to the sandstone.
Eric Rosenbaum: To investigate its textures but he turns.
Mike Sackton: That was looking kind of.
Mike Sackton: carefully at the.
Mike Sackton: Basically, the shadows.
Mike Sackton: Around the like the way the way if the late afternoon sun is making these long shadows around the steps right and he's kind of staring at the shadows.
Mike Sackton: And he says.
Mike Sackton: there's a warning written here.
Mike Sackton: Some sort of a menace.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How can you tell.
Mike Sackton: I can see a warning written in the shadows.
Mike Sackton: But a menace.
Mike Sackton: A mess, I guess, in the temple.
Eric Rosenbaum: I step back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pulling my hand away from the wall at the temple.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who who's making this morning.
Mike Sackton: I suspect.
Mike Sackton: The creature that has given me its power.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: given us power.
Mike Sackton: We should proceed cautiously, as all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do any do any of you does anybody else have anything.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you see the shadows there's nothing written in the shadows.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am.
Eric Rosenbaum: sort of like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Slowly crouch away and slide my purple goggles on and.
Eric Rosenbaum: snap my head around.
Eric Rosenbaum: To look at the temple itself and into the shadow area not really expecting to see anything.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's like you see the temple you see the shadows you don't see any.
Eric Rosenbaum: weird.
Timothy Sackton: Strange messages or anything written.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's all blurry to me.
Timothy Sackton: it's a little blurry because it's getting dark.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait really quickly did we heal or anything, because I have one hit play because because I cancer died right kinds of like.
Mike Sackton: As far as I know.
Timothy Sackton: No, you did not do.
Mike Sackton: You got.
Timothy Sackton: Your shirt now.
Timothy Sackton: The lightning trap.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah you tried to open the door to the Masters library.
Eric Rosenbaum: kenzo i'm noticing that you don't look great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like.
You.
Timothy Sackton: You can take your shirt.
Timothy Sackton: off if you want it'll be it'll be passed dark when by the time you're done.
here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps I can offer you.
Mike Sackton: offer us here right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: would even before i'll I do need some healing before if if we're sensing anything ominous about this template which it seems that we do, and perhaps going would be in.
Eric Rosenbaum: Order um it might be more prudent to make use of the potions or healing mud.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've got a push to push feeling is that right all right i'll use one of these, what does that do.
Timothy Sackton: 2d 2d, for I should say i'm.
Mike Sackton: 34 plus two.
Mike Sackton: Is a huge killing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Any role that yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh nailed it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait I.
Eric Rosenbaum: have been four times.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a lot potions can.
looks.
Timothy Sackton: slick, it has five.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can keep pretend we're cutting you have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rolling pushing with advantage all right i'll be on the 11th let's do another one.
Eric Rosenbaum: you're definitely brought some color back kenzo.
Mike Sackton: How many posts, the feeling, do we have as a party, I have one.
Mike Sackton: lead to healing.
Eric Rosenbaum: I it looks like I have to healing muds and one portion of healing.
Rev. David (he/him): Potion and that's it.
Mike Sackton: I would use one more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll use another one i'll use up my.
Timothy Sackton: Alright, just click on the Tuesday for.
Timothy Sackton: Another step and.
Eric Rosenbaum: I also have this cure wounds scroll what does that do exactly, though.
Mike Sackton: You are woods.
Timothy Sackton: cure when sales Wendy eight plus your spell casting modifier.
Eric Rosenbaum: plus four.
Mike Sackton: i'm gonna.
Mike Sackton: If we're worried that there might be something i'm going to cast my.
Mike Sackton: camera.
I got this.
Mike Sackton: That little touches touches Armor and it shimmers with like a cold raise frost run through it.
Mike Sackton: I think we should be prepared for danger.
Mike Sackton: danger in the shadows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo what's open is drip globe, that it is now eliminating things.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So what these preparations you enter into the sort of foyer of the temple so this as he come up the stairs and go to the arch way you're in like a small kind of entry hall almost i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Looking looking ahead there's another open arch that seems to lead into some sort of.
Like.
Timothy Sackton: It looks like a small Chapel or something like that in front of you, and then to your left and right there are stairs up.
Rev. David (he/him): sort of the javelin go.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: We should, can we make the drift clubs as bright as possible, I mean, is it.
Mike Sackton: may be creating white.
Timothy Sackton: mean the drift clubs.
Timothy Sackton: You can take them both out that will cut down on the shadows.
will definitely do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tell us what kind of a minister you think we're facing here.
Mike Sackton: Something I fear something.
Mike Sackton: From the dimension, I was trapped in that wants to drag us back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that kind of minutes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will take a few steps back.
Eric Rosenbaum: What would it be doing in this temple here it's not much else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And this is a temple of visual right.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah I mean it was.
Mike Sackton: It still.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenza can I do some stuff like see if fish most presences here and I, like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, business that they can I.
Eric Rosenbaum: Your credential now so.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: Anyway, don't like calif a place it's still hard to a God.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: There, there is um.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can.
Timothy Sackton: Look at your remember that that you can do that you haven't done since like the second session.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That I have not done since the second session.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our focus.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know i'm scanning oh structural integrity of the.
Eric Rosenbaum: I want to hear your.
Mike Sackton: Job whatever you his face it.
Eric Rosenbaum: cracks and flaws in the stone architecture.
Timothy Sackton: So you're gonna take 10 minutes for that.
Mike Sackton: yeah I mean before we go in, I think we get caught it yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is the thing I can do, Tim I don't actually see the thing that was in an action.
Timothy Sackton: Under spells.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh you're spells what.
Rev. David (he/him): We don't want to be sure, after dark.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah let's detect good and evil let's see that I like that let's do that.
way.
Mike Sackton: that's a great idea, but maybe if you detect the evil, we should reconsider, we should go quicker.
Mike Sackton: What.
Mike Sackton: What are we achieving by going into this temple.
Rev. David (he/him): we're finding out what's inside.
Rev. David (he/him): Questions this will be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah the second evil.
Timothy Sackton: Okay i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, let me just double can you just tell them it doesn't say what the range on that is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Self slash 30 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: country most barriers yapping.
Eric Rosenbaum: blocked by one foot, as of course we're in a stone temple Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I mean, fortunately, less than one feet feet thick.
Undoubtedly.
Timothy Sackton: Last for 10 minutes, so it lasts, as you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As you walk around okay.
Timothy Sackton: So I presume you do that, after doubt with does.
Mike Sackton: yeah face.
Timothy Sackton: and hold on, let me just let me just.
put on this music.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Peaceful joyful and serene happy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah ah.
Timothy Sackton: that's not quite that.
way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like this very, very, very tough on us now.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: You don't see anything down with you see nothing with face site in your immediate i've been Saturday i'm.
Timothy Sackton: As you go in to the.
Timothy Sackton: into this first entry way.
Timothy Sackton: So your detect good and evil is still running and if you sense you don't sense anything within 30 feet, so in this first first entry chat box.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you.
Timothy Sackton: As you had all.
Timothy Sackton: You can see the sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Entry Chapel is it looks like it was.
Timothy Sackton: Originally arranged as kind of a sort of preamble, a place dedicated to the five siblings before the main temple of peace ma.
Timothy Sackton: There are altars to each of the five siblings placed around the room.
Timothy Sackton: There are mosaics depicting again scenes from done Murray history but they've been heavily looted and most of the tiles have been pried out so it's hard to tell what anything is actually supposed to be depicting.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you enter into this room, which is maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe 30 feet by 30 feet ahead of you, you see again to arches.
Timothy Sackton: Some light coming through those but otherwise this from only lit with.
Timothy Sackton: With the light of your drift globes to the left and right there are.
Timothy Sackton: doors and then slightly further north close to the archways ahead of you.
Timothy Sackton: archways again leading left and right.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, as you come and start to pace around.
Timothy Sackton: This from.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: You see you again nothing magic and and no sense that the others are still consecrated.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why would they not be still.
Eric Rosenbaum: concept.
Mike Sackton: They also moved in.
Eric Rosenbaum: 30.
Did you see my message.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh geez.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I started I started positive everybody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hello us.
Mike Sackton: What is below.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know, but something was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh hey TIM I used to stone, since a couple sessions ago but we were near here today would I have been in range of this location, when I did it before.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ranges like 300 feet, I believe.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah we were just on the other side of the complex so yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm thinking not living.
us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps we should tread lightly and.
Eric Rosenbaum: not disturb it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM, are there any stairs down any place any any visible ways to go.
Eric Rosenbaum: What What if.
Timothy Sackton: There were just stairs up in the previous hall there, I mean you've you've only come that you've entered into a relatively small part of the temple itself, there could be stairs down somewhere else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is to avoid going down to go down.
So you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's move quickly.
Eric Rosenbaum: We might learn things in ways other than.
Eric Rosenbaum: exploring the template itself.
Eric Rosenbaum: For instance, those ghosts may know something about their could inhabitants of this complex right.
Timothy Sackton: I only impression well at least from Carmona you got the impression that they could not leave.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Right tower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alice conceivable I think we can safely search the rest of the temple so far.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the desert.
Eric Rosenbaum: We continue, there are certain small but.
Eric Rosenbaum: very vicious predators that dig a little hole to hide themselves and then wait for an unsuspecting insect to walk along and then.
Eric Rosenbaum: leap outward with their nasty claws and pull them down so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's about 20 feet as far it's below it's it's below us unless there's a trap door that falls down there but.
Rev. David (he/him): check for traps.
Timothy Sackton: brilliant idea of perception check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: brilliant.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: there's no obvious like.
Timothy Sackton: disturbances in the floor or anything like that here like no pit traps that are about to drop out below you that you can find.
Timothy Sackton: there's.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you do find more signs of looting like at least two of the altar seems to have been shifted and.
Timothy Sackton: stuff removed from.
Timothy Sackton: Like small shouts behind the main altar clearly somebody has been through this.
Timothy Sackton: and taken pretty much everything of value and and you know, probably kind of desecrated it as well right um there's places where you see smash.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
Timothy Sackton: evidence that you know there's so the Denmark we all have these like little.
Timothy Sackton: Religious figures of each of these like little icons of five siblings there's like places where you see like maybe some of these wire and somebody smash them right.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm i'm interested in those having started making my own figurines lately.
well.
Rev. David (he/him): You know i'm i'm all for and and I would cast my vote to explore this temple from top to bottom and find out who lives in the basement but, but it seems like the more sensible course of action might be the leaf what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why don't we just look for you and then leave.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This for this quarter up there's no me.
Rev. David (he/him): Right that's three votes for exploring.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do you count that.
Mike Sackton: I think we should.
Mike Sackton: have been intrigued as to why I saw a warning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, these clearly influenced let's finish this as well, I.
Mike Sackton: think we should be cautious.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's continue with me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, arena walk softly up the stairs is that your suggestion.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was anything else on this for them.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so somewhere in the room you're standing and now that's like entrance Chapel has a so directly ahead of you, there are two archways that lead into what seems like a big open area where you can see, the last day at the sunlight i'm kind of.
Timothy Sackton: shining in the through that opening.
Rev. David (he/him): coming straight.
Rev. David (he/him): into right.
Timothy Sackton: Straight in.
Rev. David (he/him): The entrance faces which way this is.
Timothy Sackton: So so you're looking directly West.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah okay.
Timothy Sackton: The to the to your left and your right on each wall, there are.
Timothy Sackton: openings that lead laughter right, and then there are doors so you have like in this square you have behind you, is exit temple, then you have doors on left and right, and you have archways on left and right, then you have on the far wall.
Timothy Sackton: Ah archways that lead into this.
Timothy Sackton: Seemingly bigger space with the last light of the sun is streaming in.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could stay here and I could project my site.
Eric Rosenbaum: clairvoyant Lee into that Chamber in front of us.
Eric Rosenbaum: without risking any bodily harm assuming we're safe standing here How does that sound.
Mike Sackton: Good we.
Mike Sackton: Should we wait.
Mike Sackton: I would use that ability, maybe when we find something a little bit more dangerous to walk through like a stairway down say.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well we'll be seems to have started walking forward so we'll just follow him.
Mike Sackton: Fair enough.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you walk forward into what is, as you enter so you pass through these two arches and you enter.
Timothy Sackton: What is clearly the.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of main temple to be schema it's a big open space.
Timothy Sackton: there's high walls.
Timothy Sackton: Which are which have on the upper levels, they have a bunch of sort of open archways that let light in sort of like whether there once were stained glass windows in them that have now been.
Timothy Sackton: destroyed or whether they probably once had like stained glass or something or just glass panels or something, but now they're just open.
Timothy Sackton: Large windows that arched windows that let.
Timothy Sackton: The sun in and one.
Timothy Sackton: In the far wall seems to be positioned to just like a series in a in a pattern in the firewall that seemed to be positioned to catch the sunset over the.
Timothy Sackton: As the sun moves over the course of the seasons and lights shining now as the sun is coming close to the horizon, setting and maybe 15 or 20 minutes light is shining streaming through that opening and illuminating i'm.
Timothy Sackton: In the Center of this big space, a large statue of beach ma.
Timothy Sackton: This area seems to have been.
Timothy Sackton: somewhat less destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: The statue itself is intact.
Timothy Sackton: On the far wall there is.
Timothy Sackton: An altar that.
Timothy Sackton: seems in again not to have been heavily damaged you do see like um you know woven mats kind of other things like that kind of decaying a little bit and dry and crumbling on the floor um but, unlike the entrance chamber, this seems to have been somewhat less.
Timothy Sackton: Less disturbed.
Timothy Sackton: As you enter.
Timothy Sackton: yeah and so, then, as you look around you can see, there are.
Timothy Sackton: there's like.
Timothy Sackton: All around the sides of this big room there are openings that lead to seemingly like past, you know passageways are sort of.
Timothy Sackton: hallways to the left and right.
Timothy Sackton: Oh whoops.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: evil.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you sense the same about justice your spell is fading about 2530 feet, to the left, beyond the edge of the of the temple of this open Chamber but probably lurking in the hallway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo is like points to the left 2030 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should be prepared to kill things potentially that are already dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: have an unrelated question even that is clearly an important.
Eric Rosenbaum: situation, what does this look like.
Timothy Sackton: that's a good question um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like this question.
Mike Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: So she is usually depicted sort of middle aged done Mari woman.
Timothy Sackton: wearing like usually wearing relatively plain clothing.
Timothy Sackton: Sometimes, like you know.
Timothy Sackton: Like in her leg leading the people North face are leading the people last phase differently, but most of the lake statues, and I caught, I cannot iconography of beach my depict her as a sort of a middle aged.
Timothy Sackton: Plainly, dressed sort of almost in supplicant clothing right like i'm playing robes.
Timothy Sackton: Usually like either kneeling or with her with her hands out like this.
Timothy Sackton: hair relatively relatively short.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: sort of crinkly.
Timothy Sackton: Relatively dark skin, although the paint has faded off of the statues, so you wouldn't see that um.
Timothy Sackton: And usually like whether rink you know line sort of take you know son exposed and and long journey and just like lived face.
Timothy Sackton: In this statue, in particular, she is depicted.
Timothy Sackton: sort of kneeling with her arms outstretched.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Had slightly bowed and she's often also sort of because she's linked to demolish is often depicted.
Timothy Sackton: With like with tears coming down her face or crying.
Timothy Sackton: And in this case that's also she's also sort of like you can see the way that stone has been shaped to like represent i'm kind of.
Timothy Sackton: tears down her face but she's smiling.
Timothy Sackton: and almost like kneeling but also almost like looking up as if she's looking up and seeing the god goddess returned.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, has it staff ready.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we run, or do we fight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does there are two options.
Rev. David (he/him): Do we have any obligation to like.
Rev. David (he/him): get these people out of this temple.
Rev. David (he/him): Like what what's the right things to do with respect to the temple itself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Questions him in like in Denmark, you know monk epics.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If I like go into like a temple of like my God and there's like weird energy is my as part of like my my epic to life be like cleanse or is it like.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think you just signed something to that effect, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well sort of asking, am I do, I feel like a compulsion to like liberate this temple.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Certainly, you know.
Timothy Sackton: That wouldn't be.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's up to you right I you know, I think.
Timothy Sackton: You can decide how you I mean that's like how your character feels about things right like do you like them emotion, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they're saying it's like there's no like for the order it's not is it like part of the training to feel like to be like that, or is it like you know.
Timothy Sackton: No, because lots of I mean many monks don't have any class levels right, like most of them could not fight off on dead.
Timothy Sackton: Right there's no sense that, like it's not an order of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yours right right right actually let's do this um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know I sort of whisper.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me go investigate and see how powerful they are.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was wondering if we could even before doing that just reason our way through for for a moment to make any kind of inference we could about who or what this entity might be.
Eric Rosenbaum: For example, you mentioned, I think that it is undead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: And there's a history of undead assaults on this complex Is that true also.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From what we've learned yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it could be.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was a while ago but it's not as though the undead.
die, so perhaps.
Eric Rosenbaum: Trapped here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there any other.
Eric Rosenbaum: hypothesis anyone would like to offer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What kind of undead attacked your for the guy that said.
Eric Rosenbaum: What that was what we saw in the stories yeah.
Timothy Sackton: What kind of ended where they said so, they were.
Timothy Sackton: They were like scout like a hoarder of skeletons like 50 or hundred skeletons.
Timothy Sackton: That the monks are fighting off maybe more.
Eric Rosenbaum: Strictly speaking, amongst themselves or undead to because they're ghosts.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Meta game what kinds of suggesting to basically go and he'll he'll do like a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: good thing he does, where you can like tell it, how many hit points, something has.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yet, to see if, like it was like you know crazy demon monster, or if it's just like a couple of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah and see who was just like wait let's think about this thing.
Mike Sackton: seems worth being somewhat careful.
Rev. David (he/him): We should walk away.
Rev. David (he/him): We don't we don't have a great light of retreat.
Rev. David (he/him): We don't have a good plan if there's hundreds of these things.
Rev. David (he/him): And we're very, very far from resupply.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no they're they're coming back in a day or so they're orcs.
Eric Rosenbaum: But they're coming back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm alarmed by this bout of reason that you have here a while.
Eric Rosenbaum: huh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: done with are you able to provide me with invisibility.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me go investigate quickly.
Mike Sackton: Very well.
Rev. David (he/him): How far back is the entrance.
Timothy Sackton: From here.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe 7580 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Do you sort of about in the in the middle of the temple.
Rev. David (he/him): Do we have a line of sight from.
Rev. David (he/him): Where we are back to the entrance.
Timothy Sackton: not exactly because of the way the the archways that lead into.
Timothy Sackton: So there's the way the entry Chapel is a range there's there's an arch way into the entry Chapel from the outside, and then straight ahead from that there's a wall and then the archways into the.
Timothy Sackton: main temple or like offset because there's an art.
Mike Sackton: On that, so we can see back to the altar and the wall.
Mike Sackton: Not all the way out.
Rev. David (he/him): Can I put myself in that entry Chapel so that I can see where they are in the main room but also see the door.
Rev. David (he/him): yep I think i'm gonna close myself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, oh oh God there yeah.
Mike Sackton: All right, well guess what the cat is out turn invisible.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM can there's gonna sneak over sneakily very sneakily because he's so sneaky.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To get a closer to where he sounds to be under evil and yeah just see what's over there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I would like to have line of sight on the invisible kenzo but not actually go.
Mike Sackton: Very.
Timothy Sackton: visible you can't you well.
Mike Sackton: But he's going and.
Mike Sackton: he's like going around the corner, I want to be able to see where he's going but i'm not gonna go very far.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: So kenzo make a style check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: haha.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, but i'm invisible that all.
Timothy Sackton: Right you're invisible.
Timothy Sackton: Just not super quiet.
Timothy Sackton: and make a perception check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come on perception.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not a rolling while today.
Timothy Sackton: I mean remember you also like died less than.
Timothy Sackton: four hours ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: All in a day's work for kenza.
Timothy Sackton: So you come around the corner and and you're in a you're in a long hallway are you.
Timothy Sackton: though, what are you doing for light.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is a dark it's.
Timothy Sackton: As, though, so those the room you're in is fairly bright with the light and the drift globes as you come around.
Timothy Sackton: As you come through this arch way into this this hallway there's what you're coming into is um.
Timothy Sackton: there's like some sort of dim light behind you, which actually means make make your.
Timothy Sackton: Make your.
Timothy Sackton: perception check with disadvantage because it's dim light.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So roll again.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: How far down.
Timothy Sackton: And what you see, as you can let me sit down so so you're in you're in what looks like i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Like a hallway that goes Left and Right and there's directly ahead of you there's like an ALCOVE.
Timothy Sackton: Where there's still some echo of the light.
Timothy Sackton: From the main temple.
Timothy Sackton: And in that ALCOVE there's there's a statue.
Timothy Sackton: arms and phase have been broken off, so you can't see what it is, but to your left and your right from where you come into this hallway i'm just total darkness until maybe 2025 feet.
Timothy Sackton: What will say North like towards the back end not towards the front end that you entered in of the temple.
Timothy Sackton: You see again light.
Timothy Sackton: From the.
um.
Timothy Sackton: Where there's another arch way that leads to the main temple so you're looking left and right down a quarter to the left is just pure darkness, to the right there's like a pack of darkness and then a patch of light and then darkness again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And where did I sense the evil.
i'm.
Timothy Sackton: sort of in this like this direction, probably like in the patch of darkness ahead of you like in between, or maybe a little bit further on i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Imagining us.
Mike Sackton: We did.
Mike Sackton: We did we was there, an archway in front of the they call that kensal went through I thought it was to the left.
Timothy Sackton: Yes to the left so you're right here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, in the middle of the temple.
Timothy Sackton: There is a hallway that runs.
Mike Sackton: Along the side okay.
Timothy Sackton: i've got temple cancer was standing right here, looking at this little ALCOVE where there's a broken statue and there's darkness in the hallway this way and darkness in the hallway this way.
Timothy Sackton: And then, like right about here there's another patch of light where there's another arch so.
Mike Sackton: i'm gonna go up to the entrance so that I can walk not going to go into the hallway, but I want to be able to look to the left and right.
Timothy Sackton: So, like where kenzo is.
Timothy Sackton: Basically Okay, make a perception check.
Mike Sackton: I have dark vision.
Mike Sackton: Okay halfway.
Timothy Sackton: So so dim light doesn't doesn't affect your perception.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's useful.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: For.
Timothy Sackton: A moment.
Timothy Sackton: You think you see one of the shadows.
Timothy Sackton: In the.
Timothy Sackton: In that sort of patch of darkness to your right.
Timothy Sackton: You you think for a second you see a shadow.
Like.
Timothy Sackton: A patch of darker darkness kind of move for for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: just out of the corner of your eye you're not entirely sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 10 so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is this is that to the right there's a lot yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You you at the moment haven't seen any cancer, but this is to the right but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I detected.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Evil to my left right.
Timothy Sackton: Ah So yes, so you went into so again, you went this.
Whereas.
Timothy Sackton: You you, you went to the went to the left.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And now you're.
Timothy Sackton: you're looking facing the wall and you're and you're looking.
Timothy Sackton: hallway that runs the template you're looking to your right.
Mike Sackton: We were we did take the evil to the West.
Mike Sackton: Basically right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I can.
Come.
Mike Sackton: up is north.
Timothy Sackton: Well, as West, it would be evil to the south.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does doesn't matter I had closer to the evil.
Eric Rosenbaum: But you're also doing brave and important things.
Timothy Sackton: So, like you had into the darkness.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: It sounds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A little bit a little bit to see you back and see like i'm trying to see what the bucket this thing is.
Timothy Sackton: As you begin to.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you as you had down you turn down the hallway and you, you slowly i'm.
Timothy Sackton: sort of head into the.
Timothy Sackton: shadowy area kind of.
Timothy Sackton: Keeping your eyes peeled moving as quietly, as you can, although i'm with.
Timothy Sackton: You know nervousness and tiredness from your.
Timothy Sackton: Recent death, plus the.
Timothy Sackton: plus the like you know sand and and other kind of bits of debris on the floor you're not being particularly quiet i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Making another perception check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, moving to start running soon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: keep reminding me that just died yeah, why do you do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: haha.
Timothy Sackton: With disadvantage because it's dark.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good job solid solid.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, as you begin to sort of approach this this patch of darkness um you see a.
Mike Sackton: hold of them yep i'm going to be prepared, if anything, if kensal becomes visible.
Mike Sackton: or a creature tries to attack an invisible creature, I am going to blast it with a noxious blessed.
Timothy Sackton: I guess.
Timothy Sackton: You can say you watch as.
Timothy Sackton: Something.
Timothy Sackton: dark something a deeper darkness seemingly.
Timothy Sackton: Seemingly like a darker shadow within the shadows of this.
Timothy Sackton: Of this passage way detaches and.
Timothy Sackton: And seems to move glide towards the noise that you were making and your direction.
can't.
Timothy Sackton: But it's like a.
Timothy Sackton: Like a patch of shadow beginning to move off of the wall and.
Timothy Sackton: towards the sound.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, I can I try suicide, the shadow.
Timothy Sackton: sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will, I will send the shadow.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
interesting.
Oh, here we go.
that's not scary.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean we could kill that easily.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we can get it through the shadows.
Timothy Sackton: um so as you're.
Mike Sackton: There might be like 10 of them for all you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's true.
Timothy Sackton: So as you're kind of standing concentrating on it um.
Timothy Sackton: You can see that this is almost.
Timothy Sackton: it's almost like.
A like.
Timothy Sackton: sniffing like like the its face whatever seems to be its head, I mean it's just a sort of amorphous blob of darkness, but it's clearly it's like looking trying to sense for something, knowing that there's something here i'm moving again in your direction.
Mike Sackton: Can I hear closely and see if there's more than one of them.
Timothy Sackton: i'm sure.
Mike Sackton: Basically, take an action to make another perception check.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Exactly the same.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't seem to be anything else in the shadows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other than that, one shadow.
Timothy Sackton: The one shadow that's now moving.
Timothy Sackton: is going to now.
Timothy Sackton: Again sort of like drifting it's now sort of a full five feet off the wall and and.
Timothy Sackton: It looks.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A far wizard for how far away from me.
Timothy Sackton: Is it nice maybe 10 feet from you it's still a little bit off it's moving slowly in your direction.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What happens when it kind of tracking you know you know this there's darkness and there's like a patch of light and then some darkness did it like navigating like go around the light or.
Timothy Sackton: No, no it's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's.
Timothy Sackton: It hasn't had to go past the light because it's in the patch of darkness that was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it.
Timothy Sackton: Before the light.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know my job is backs okay.
Timothy Sackton: you're Jeff club is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That in the Center of the.
Timothy Sackton: backup Center yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's drifting slowly in your direction like you can sense now it's kind of locked on you and it it knows it knows where this noise is coming from and it's just like searching for for something, and at the detaches from the wall.
Timothy Sackton: You can see it has a.
Timothy Sackton: An almost humanoid form but no face no have.
No naturist.
Timothy Sackton: looks almost like a black cloak just kind of moving through the darkness, but doesn't actually ever reached the ground it's just just kind of um yeah fades into darkness at the bottom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I back up I backed up and I head back towards the I mean I mean like walking backwards that's still like locked in on it kind of watching.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But now like sneaking back into the name and the Chamber where hardrick clubs are.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: With what are you doing still coming in this direction, can hear the sounds that you're making.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: Could I hide behind the statue.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: i'll go do that.
Mike Sackton: i'm not going to like hide it because i'm invisible, but I would stand, basically, the idea is to stand somewhere so it's not gonna so if it goes out into the main hall at won't walk it won't wake accidentally bumped into me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And you're back.
Timothy Sackton: to China and Hong.
Mike Sackton: Paul can thank keep an eye on it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wanna i'm still invisible, but I want to stand into just like move into a place where there's more light okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm watching it because it has to pass through life at light at some point, once he followed me right.
Timothy Sackton: yep okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I I just I step back, I step back through like a patch of light.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: towards the Center just to think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just to see if it will will pass through the light.
Timothy Sackton: and follow it, so you see you watch as it um.
Timothy Sackton: It the sort of.
Timothy Sackton: darkness more intense darkness drifts again.
Timothy Sackton: Up to the.
Timothy Sackton: So, with the place where the light with is spilling out where it goes actually like sunlight i'm.
Timothy Sackton: spilling into their court or it stops before it reaches the air.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Interesting I take out my drift club, I can I can move the drift Globe around right like.
Timothy Sackton: We can pick it up and it's levitate, but you have to physically move it yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have to physically move it Okay, I take my drift globe and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and basically start kind of walking towards you know, can he doesn't know that i'm holding a drift clover that i'm in here right so i'm just I just like it's a good that's like it looks like a drift clubs floating in the air of i'm invisible right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yep and say, I take the drift club and start kind of going closer to it to like where the shadow is and just see if it moves or does anything else.
Mike Sackton: i'm gonna well kenza was doing that I want to go up the quarter.
Mike Sackton: 510 feet right it's out in the main hall now right.
Timothy Sackton: it's in know it's in the corner, so the corner is about 10 feet wide it's in the corridor.
Mike Sackton: So it's like right in front of me right now.
Timothy Sackton: it's basically right in front of.
Mike Sackton: You okay.
Timothy Sackton: 10 feet in front of you it's.
Timothy Sackton: In the quarter, so the.
Timothy Sackton: place in the quarter baiting sunlight of the sunset is spilling into the quarter from this archway.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: And that's where it stopped right at that boundary.
Mike Sackton: nevermind I I thought it was if it if it goes past me into the sunlight such that the dark area where it is it's not in anymore, I want to go explore that dark area.
Timothy Sackton: Well nice to have stopped at the edge of the sunlight and kind of like faded back against the wall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How much more, how many more minutes to be had before the sun goes down.
Timothy Sackton: hmm can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great yeah i'll i'll kind of walk forward a little bit more with the thrift Globe getting kind of closer to it and see if it if it continues, if it reacts in any way to drift globe.
Timothy Sackton: retreats.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I kind of walk to, I guess, where I mean I don't know were dealt with is exactly that I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of am walking forward with the drip club more you know the shadow continues to retreat, as I walk forward.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why are you guys gambling on my desk.
Eric Rosenbaum: Better to do.
Timothy Sackton: So you're holding the jeph loeb in front of you, but you're still invisible and yeah i'm walking forward yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So you see, then, down with as the light from the drift club now as soon as you step into the hallway with the drift globe, I mean it extends like 20 feet in every direction right so um it immediately illuminates the.
Timothy Sackton: hallway all the way down through this Patrick darkness and you see now as the shadows are castaway two more dark forms in the hallway great.
Timothy Sackton: And all of them.
Timothy Sackton: All of them now kind of faded up against the walls.
Timothy Sackton: Looking basically like some sort of deformed shadows of people on the wall just kind of eyeing this light.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tons of whispers.
Mike Sackton: Now it makes, just like a very envoy, like very soft voice almost like size that you can tell them was around that really okay.
Mike Sackton: dealt with will sort of.
Mike Sackton: whispered very softly, I think, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, 10s of starts backing away with the drip Globe still invisible and just kind of backs backs into the main the main room thinks the main temple area and and wait so while be and secret that you guys have your clothes, as well as well, will be has a strip club.
Rev. David (he/him): i've got mine but it's not.
Rev. David (he/him): Right now okay.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so yeah kinds of steps back over not sure exactly where dealt with his but kinds of invisible holding the drift globe, so you just seem like like you know Kansas strickland moving around, and you know that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kansas basically.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, carrying it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And yeah kenzo so which one is this cluster are you you guys are together right well being secret.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah we're together.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay yeah kinds of comes over to where you both are and whispers quietly yeah why don't we leave.
Eric Rosenbaum: A little startle a.
Eric Rosenbaum: glad to make it that you made it back.
Mike Sackton: Down with a follow basically is.
Mike Sackton: As soon as Kansas is leaving oh speak on behind him staying in the basically in the white at the graph globe.
Rev. David (he/him): So, looking back from the direction that came from there, like a whole bunch of ghosts following them or anything.
Timothy Sackton: No, you don't see anything for them it's I mean you see the light of the light of Kansas drift Globe it's kind of.
Timothy Sackton: it's you know now with the sun below the lip of the.
Timothy Sackton: Lip of the window.
Timothy Sackton: um there's you know everything sort of Captain in twilight except for the for the drift Globe um you know lighting up this this 20 foot.
Timothy Sackton: Just moves.
Timothy Sackton: With nobody holding it, but you figure kenzo must be kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I guess sweet we exit the temple.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Exit a temple.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know it's getting very close to sunset and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kansas della did you see what I saw did you see the shadow creatures.
Mike Sackton: Three shadows yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They didn't look too strong, I think we could have taken them if we could hit them or fight them, which I don't know if we could have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I was remembering that I almost died or I did die actually a few hours ago and haven't still had a chance to rest so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, be perhaps your prudence is rubbing off on me in unusual ways your sudden prudence.
Eric Rosenbaum: You also got hit by lightning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I did.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You got hit by lightning.
Eric Rosenbaum: may have blocked your memory briefly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's a traumatic it's been a day.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's been it's been quite a day.
Eric Rosenbaum: I recall that, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: The whole reason that we killed that family of mentor corps with so that they wouldn't go eat our horses after dark.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's go back to the horses so.
Eric Rosenbaum: We shouldn't horses yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We don't arrest.
Probably.
Timothy Sackton: TAO.
seeker.
Rev. David (he/him): You know you gave even thoughts on whether cancer would survive is that what's the time period on that.
Rev. David (he/him): You have to come up with new odds now or is that, like through midnight say.
Eric Rosenbaum: covers an indefinite period.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can reroll it anytime.
Rev. David (he/him): So take over a long enough period is pretty definite.
Eric Rosenbaum: also true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: appreciate you guys.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: glad our bonds of fellowship are are strong, as they are.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're we're here for you we're also practical minded.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: waiting on my death, I see.
Rev. David (he/him): If we didn't know you so well, they consider you a friend, the answer would have been much higher against.
Eric Rosenbaum: We, to be fair, we didn't play so wager.
Timothy Sackton: You know if you.
Timothy Sackton: If you ever make it to be a 15th level monkey stops aging.
Timothy Sackton: Oh really oh time left body.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow.
Timothy Sackton: So you.
Timothy Sackton: might see is that wage or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are there.
Timothy Sackton: are no I can't.
Timothy Sackton: die of old age, you just don't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go look at.
Timothy Sackton: You just don't look at you never get Fowler week.
Timothy Sackton: You also don't need food or water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are there like hundreds of years old monks wandering around.
Timothy Sackton: Possibly.
Eric Rosenbaum: They all just like look 35 here.
Mike Sackton: Right what's interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
Rev. David (he/him): let's get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your Apps perhaps some rest some restaurants and food.
Timothy Sackton: So in the twilight of.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: Still.
Timothy Sackton: Western horizon still with that sort of afterglow of the sunset the reds and oranges across the sky.
Timothy Sackton: lighting your path past the mat cars and dead orcs and back down to the river and then.
Timothy Sackton: Past the bathhouse where the.
Timothy Sackton: Ark survivor is locked.
Timothy Sackton: To the dry riverbed and then.
Timothy Sackton: Turning south to come back to your camp.
Timothy Sackton: You find your camp.
Timothy Sackton: Thankfully undisturbed.
Timothy Sackton: baxter is very pleased to see you and rushes up as you approach.
Timothy Sackton: And the horses are sort of milling about your supplies are intact.
Timothy Sackton: With it cooling off it's actually a and now out of the perhaps somewhat spooky.
Timothy Sackton: temple of shadows it's actually a fairly pleasant evening.
Timothy Sackton: As you settle in.
Timothy Sackton: to your evening meal and rest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wanted.
Eric Rosenbaum: I want to clarify interesting character 1.2 did somebody sense evil below us on the main level of the temple there and then it was seen on the same level so maybe we didn't see everything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There was definitely a basement.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there was so there was more beyond those three that you saw at the very least below.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well yeah I, I have to say this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is the most prudent.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: avoidance of bloodshed that i've been seeing since i've been around you fools.
Rev. David (he/him): it's all it's all in risk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will be are you okay.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah i'm a little unnerved I.
Rev. David (he/him): I haven't had a lot of experience, going to talk with ghosts and haunted temples but on the other hand, this is fantastic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What you don't like go so.
Rev. David (he/him): I just.
Rev. David (he/him): I don't know what the appropriate like motive addresses for a ghost.
Rev. David (he/him): I think it's.
Rev. David (he/him): it's really important to be.
Rev. David (he/him): polite and respectful.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm just i'm not sure how to do that with it just because I was those were friendly you know evil shadows haunting the temple like how How would you even figure that out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean we did kill an undead demon.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah that was pretty clear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do remember you being the instigator that particular engagement as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Remember, an arrow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It as often holds.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we did sense that that temple efficient Oh, is it was no longer consecrated to be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, I do, I have no sense of how long those shadow inhabitants had been there, but or what that story was but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we'll have to wait for another time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Shall we rest.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah no no fires as little sound as possible.
Eric Rosenbaum: And long rest.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps we should set a watch.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's probably prudent.
Mike Sackton: I mean don't.
Timothy Sackton: assume you'll just take turns watching.
Mike Sackton: yeah I mean.
Mike Sackton: dealt with can wow most of the night, since he doesn't actually sleep right.
Timothy Sackton: He just needs a few hours of meditation.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, low risk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: click manage fields for feats.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, I can do it nevermind.
Timothy Sackton: I got it yeah you should be all set okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah be good to be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: back.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um so actually let's see so I assume probably what's happening is who's who's taking the first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Watch.
Mike Sackton: We all just click the buttons so you can't go back and make something happen because we don't know how many hit points we had before we rested.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I forgot.
Mike Sackton: I don't remember either I have no idea.
Timothy Sackton: Just Out of curiosity, who is taking the.
First blush and.
Timothy Sackton: The first chunk and then.
Timothy Sackton: go to sleep it.
Timothy Sackton: yeah 2am yeah yeah okay.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, it usually takes the last before dawn.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: Either ken's our secrets up in the middle of the night for their watch okay so so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For this particular night, though, I think, since cancer died, maybe you guys are letting him sleep in yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: You just.
Timothy Sackton: Give me a perception check.
Mike Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: Yes, yes, I can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow.
Timothy Sackton: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, that sound.
Eric Rosenbaum: My cat has entered play mode.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which cat.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's silver.
Rev. David (he/him): baxter sleeps like just like sitting down like sitting on his legs, but with his neck curled around and will be like snow this up in the quick of the xp neck thanks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Very cute.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: So seeker when you wake up, for your watch dealt with all i'll tell you.
Mike Sackton: Keep your ears open I.
Mike Sackton: I heard something.
Mike Sackton: hours ago.
Mike Sackton: Maybe clink of Armor.
Eric Rosenbaum: heard it was.
Mike Sackton: distant and not coming closer, so I let you all rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: That work we locked up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did he have Armor on it don't remember.
Timothy Sackton: Most of the orcs are wearing chain now.
Eric Rosenbaum: You might have gotten out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well i'll i'll keep my eyes open.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, give me a perception jack.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm glad I already had some sleep.
Rev. David (he/him): whoa.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: nailed it.
Mike Sackton: As a scout.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: secrecy is all.
Eric Rosenbaum: who's who's next on the watch list awake i'm.
Bobby.
Eric Rosenbaum: I.
Eric Rosenbaum: Give well be a gentle pat on the shoulder.
Eric Rosenbaum: hey.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll also been quiet on my watch.
Eric Rosenbaum: But dealt with city, he saw something so keep your eyes open i'm going back to sleep.
Timothy Sackton: Right, give me a perception check Robbie.
Timothy Sackton: As it.
Timothy Sackton: were well now.
Eric Rosenbaum: so good at this.
Timothy Sackton: So as dawn comes and everybody wakes.
Timothy Sackton: campus undisturbed.
Timothy Sackton: The morning quiet.
Timothy Sackton: birds sound of birds and and insects loudest at dawn and dusk as the most activity in the desert is then.
Timothy Sackton: You settle in for.
Timothy Sackton: Quick breakfast and.
Timothy Sackton: Plans for the day.
Mike Sackton: Our plan was to head to Carson.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Anybody still want to see that temple.
Eric Rosenbaum: You mean the haunted basement at the temple.
Mike Sackton: I think we have.
Mike Sackton: More important things.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right we're gonna try to stay focused.
Rev. David (he/him): Great I, I think, whatever was there last night, will still be there, this morning.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so we're looking as I recall, for the heart of rakuten.
Eric Rosenbaum: And therefore we're gonna go to Carson because wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why are we going in there.
Mike Sackton: I don't really out of game for a minute I don't remember why did we decide to go to Carson.
Timothy Sackton: There was absolutely no reason whatsoever.
Timothy Sackton: Because in or out of game that I could understand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because it was new it was.
Timothy Sackton: It was nearby.
Eric Rosenbaum: And there's bad guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was so we.
Timothy Sackton: Are son and die and then yeah that sounds like a great idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I remember our thinking our thinking was well so basically at this point we were realizing that we need to get back to Kerala talk to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kendra kendra said it do I dude what the Fuck is wrong with you what where is the heart of chicken and actually like get him to like spill the beans about the Fuck is really going on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On but, on the way back to Karen took care of while we were like Oh, since we're so close to Carson we're just going to swing by it, but not go in, we were gonna we were going to send a Hawk or like something and go scout it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna have welby send like a set like just how you scouted this whole fucking area, now we have like a sweet map.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're going to have like you know you send some some preachers and go and scout scout the place and see what the hell's going on, but not go in.
Eric Rosenbaum: will turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: To our side to be played as he joins our party.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By gentlemen.
There again.
Mike Sackton: I think we did have this idea that understanding what crush is might be good if we can do that without dying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So i'm saying I thought the plan was to send was to do with reconnaissance but strict reconnaissance only to just you know send some creatures in add some scouting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we may have discussed turning invisible and looking around, but you know only reconnaissance not finding anything was the plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: My clairvoyance has a one mile range.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There you go bunch of ways, we could we can like kind of guess what's going on, without actually engaging.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Appeals worthwhile right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's on our way home and we're back to Kerala.
Mike Sackton: sorta in the sense that is.
Mike Sackton: in the wrong direction but.
Timothy Sackton: it's about one point it's like.
Timothy Sackton: it's about two miles from where you.
Mike Sackton: know the small details.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah there's.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's a whole freakin map oh Carson we're gonna go there, oh there's an orc for in the way a little bit.
Mike Sackton: we're gonna avoid that.
Timothy Sackton: Right, so the first question is, how do you want to approach Carson you have.
Timothy Sackton: You have the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: that's where we were right you're you're about a mile south of the monastery just off the edge of this map.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Very good.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah that's where our yesterday that's where we are now, but so the oh yeah the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I see no we're camp like, on the other side of the River or no.
Timothy Sackton: Your camped your camp.
Timothy Sackton: yeah like.
Timothy Sackton: For there is no bit prayers.
Timothy Sackton: dry like a mile south to the monastery your.
Eric Rosenbaum: map those giant.
Mike Sackton: pyramid thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: pyramid things with statues yeah forgot about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: So they're crazy.
Rev. David (he/him): To my memory remembering right conceivably that if we circle, to the east there's like a hill between us in the org Ford or some way to get to Carson without a direct line of sight to the orcs.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so there's a hell.
Timothy Sackton: what's just south of this map is there's like cliffs along the.
Timothy Sackton: Along the sort of southern edge of the monastery here and the River turns to the.
Timothy Sackton: turns to the east, on this map north is up, so the River swings to the east, and you are camped I mean there's no water in the River the dry riverbed springs to the east year kept like across the river and below the cliffs from the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: But does not, but this is all kind of river floodplains up here it's pretty much flat terrain extending for.
Timothy Sackton: You know 510 miles to the east there's not a lot of cover unless you unless you cross the river and go on the cliff side, then there's a lot of copper.
Rev. David (he/him): And we still have to get back again.
Eric Rosenbaum: And this is our Hawk based surveillance map.
Timothy Sackton: That says your Hawk based surveillance map yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: If you were garage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where would you make.
Eric Rosenbaum: Your headquarters in Carson.
Eric Rosenbaum: got to think like a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Corrupt god of work.
Mike Sackton: house or the temple.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah the orcs like amenities.
Eric Rosenbaum: know they like ceremony probably.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the temple might be the better because sounds like garage exerts his power through.
Eric Rosenbaum: posturing, although but they never see him right.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't really know anything at all doing.
Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, we.
Rev. David (he/him): don't have any like secret underground passages in or something that's not.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you did find sewer tunnels, to the monastery if Carson also had running water, you might find sewer tunnels along about.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why did they build a Fort outside of town.
interesting question.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm no military strategist but.
Mike Sackton: Wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm from a family of architects and they don't understand why you build a fortification outside the walls of a fortified city.
Mike Sackton: Is this for recent is this under construction.
Timothy Sackton: don't work for it as the one that's.
Timothy Sackton: under construction, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's strange right.
Timothy Sackton: it's like it's like yeah it's like i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Here I can sort of draw roughly.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of basic shape of the work, for it is like.
Something like that.
Timothy Sackton: Right, so it has, like all these elongated extensions and and.
Timothy Sackton: sort of war, any bets and, like the open this area in the middle is open, but behind each one of these.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is that.
Timothy Sackton: In each of these areas it's it's it's was covered with like hide and fat well not really fast because there's not enough plants growing, but basically hide.
Timothy Sackton: roots not not stone, so this is just a wall and then most of these areas are covered with.
Timothy Sackton: With rooms of sorts, and there were there were a few buildings as well.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Mike Sackton: done buildings that's an odd for it.
Timothy Sackton: And the whole thing is constructed from.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: From.
Timothy Sackton: recovered stone from Carson pretty much.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A do we have a seekers book of questions again remember we copied a bunch of stuff in there can can you pick a little pickle paste a link that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I got another question here, which is what the hell's garage doing and why is he building a weird for it.
Eric Rosenbaum: We got a whole garage section.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: I flip around in my book here.
Timothy Sackton: what's the deal with that works.
Timothy Sackton: So there's out um let's see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh what's the deal with the orcs yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's and then so then it's like what's the deal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That work for it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why does it look so weird.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah it's there's got to be.
Eric Rosenbaum: In France, we can make from that shape.
Eric Rosenbaum: Other animals that make nests like that or.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is five lobe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Look it's a corrupt temple.
Timothy Sackton: So I would say.
Timothy Sackton: Anybody who's proficient in history, plus dealt with, I don't know if you're proficient in history.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, make can make a history check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Possibly for some information oh I love minus three history.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can only see the future and that's past mega.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you shouldn't have a minus three.
Mike Sackton: It should just be your is your intelligence.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My intelligence is, I have a 10 intelligence.
Timothy Sackton: zero because you're still recovering from the effects of being.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bra I see nearly dying is affecting my intelligence okay.
Timothy Sackton: affecting everything you do.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's rough.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: homes that last.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Three days.
Timothy Sackton: It gets better every night.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which is kind of amazing three days to recover from dying it's pretty awesome.
i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, seeing what you guys rolled ah so.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so both both.
Timothy Sackton: So so seeker you actually like thinking about this sport you've seen i'm.
Timothy Sackton: not exactly not afford like this um, but you have seen, if you imagine like cutting this in half, and just taking one half of that like if you.
Timothy Sackton: If you bilaterally dissected it so you just had a like three little things and then an open area what it looks like in your sort of architectural mind is.
Timothy Sackton: The way many orc.
Timothy Sackton: strongholds bit the side of cliffs look like like a central area and then tunnels and caves leading back into the.
Timothy Sackton: Leading back into the.
Mountains.
Timothy Sackton: And down with.
Timothy Sackton: What you're remembering is that.
Timothy Sackton: Many times.
Timothy Sackton: the sort of thing that elves that you've heard from like commanders and other other people, the sort of gossip in the army, as you.
Timothy Sackton: You know people talking about rating or basis and things like that they said, say, the fort's you know the places where they were um.
Timothy Sackton: You know we're just defending territory or we're war band or something we're often you know they'd adopt normal defensive designs.
Timothy Sackton: But whenever they were.
Timothy Sackton: Had a population boom whenever there were lots of young.
Timothy Sackton: You know the young dwarfs the young oryx for their first few years.
Timothy Sackton: spend their time like in dark narrow spaces.
Timothy Sackton: And so.
Timothy Sackton: Work forts orc settlements that are experiencing a population boom will often have lots of.
tunnels tunnels.
Mike Sackton: So this is an orc.
Mike Sackton: nursery crash basically.
Timothy Sackton: That would be a logical.
assumption.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay Meta game for a second we don't know where the Fuck the hardest cocoon is right.
Rev. David (he/him): Even.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't think of having any sort of clue about that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we really, really need really need.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like this, we have to go back to try to talk to kendra.
Mike Sackton: Probably a big sign somewhere in Kerala that says, the heart of Chicago is here and kim's frustrated us for not actually reading the damn sign.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's probably what happened yeah.
Timothy Sackton: No i'm not interested at all i'm.
Mike Sackton: excited he's he's enjoying our our one meandering.
Eric Rosenbaum: Through the work because.
Timothy Sackton: You did exactly what I expected this could all be boring for me.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, first we got a good chart in.
Rev. David (he/him): The view of our characters like we're all looking at this side and this side, and then the camera pans around and like just off screen here's the heart as.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, because it's not here guys oh.
Rev. David (he/him): Because it could be open scroll people who who took it, I mean we now they've been screwed up magic items to take.
Mike Sackton: control so probably knows where it is we just need to get it out of him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I.
Rev. David (he/him): went to the sin encounter.
Mike Sackton: I.
Rev. David (he/him): think we should not go to Carson as much as I I dearly dearly want to.
Rev. David (he/him): Because there's an army of orcs.
Mike Sackton: My.
Mike Sackton: Entry question for TIM was going to be.
Mike Sackton: How much are they paying attention, I mean.
Mike Sackton: Is this kind of Fort generally Stat well staffed by the army or is it like.
Mike Sackton: kids running around in the darkness.
Mike Sackton: killing each other, whatever our children do.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: You certainly saw well be when you are Hawk scouting that there were orcs around it certainly well staffed enough that they have a regular.
Timothy Sackton: patrol guarding the monastery it seems unlikely that that would be happening, if there was like not even enough adults to guard the for right, why would they Why would they have a regular patrol to the.
Mike Sackton: mustard right.
Timothy Sackton: Whether it's like a large army now I mean there was like how have dark killed like 40 orcs.
Timothy Sackton: Between the you know, the first couple ways that attacked his camp before you arrived, and then the 15 or so or X you killed with him, I mean.
Mike Sackton: How good is the visibility over the if we simply go five miles.
Mike Sackton: To the East and then go north.
Mike Sackton: Are we going to be like little specks on the horizon, are we going to be like I mean.
Timothy Sackton: I mean yeah if you go five miles east.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you're not good, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What why don't we go five miles east.
Mike Sackton: Just to go around the around the fort.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why can't we just go North along the rich.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well we'd be visible from everywhere we did that.
Rev. David (he/him): If we go five miles east, though, and we are spotted.
Rev. David (he/him): Then they can put every rock there is between us and going back West again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we're fucked.
Eric Rosenbaum: here's what I wonder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is this growing force of orcs planning to make a push West.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's not as though we can do anything about it, but we might be able to find something out that we can usefully bring back with us, for example, we know that there was that raid that we helped to stop they had magic users, so this is not trivial.
Eric Rosenbaum: They could reinvent cars or Carol, for instance.
Mike Sackton: I mean realistically if we, for example, went along the cliffs of the riverbed are we, like is it like.
Mike Sackton: I just don't really have a clear sense of the train right like.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah so let me just read this grab the train for you, so you have you can visualize it better so from where you are here, you can see, on the cliffs are.
Timothy Sackton: So that that you're looking.
Timothy Sackton: To the West that terrain is sort of rocky cliffs it rises up between 30 and 150 feet off the river bed and first for some distance.
Timothy Sackton: To the West, you know there's a sort of flat plateau but it, you know it, the land drops there's a lot of variation in altitude and topography, to the West it's sort of it's the kind of rocky desert that you spent a lot of a fair bit of time traveling through in your time.
Timothy Sackton: You know in this part of Denmark and, as you go and yeovil you can't see this from here.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can't from the from where you are you can't actually see every single all 11 of these.
Timothy Sackton: Of these tombs you can see the tall ones, you can see fishman cortana quite clearly um but, like this one here is sort of below a rise and so it's not clearly visible from the river bed, where you are.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it appear, we could cleanse the giant tomb of fishman.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to tell from this distance, it is designed to be client that was it's designed that there's like a it's almost like a step pyramid where you can.
Timothy Sackton: where you can ascend to like a shrine that's built on top of the two.
Eric Rosenbaum: So perhaps kenzo on the way back, we could pass by the tomb of beach.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can ascend.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can pay your respects from there.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we might also carefully see what we can see of Carson from above, because that presumably is a good right.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm in touch point.
I like that off.
Timothy Sackton: The top of the tuna beach my is also probably pretty visible from the arc for but you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That if we're invisible.
Timothy Sackton: Not if you're invisible then you're not visible from.
me.
Timothy Sackton: So then there's the dry riverbed which is sort of flat ground and then to the east, this used to be floodplains this was like it's gradually slopes up for like you know.
Timothy Sackton: 1520 miles and Carson itself is on a little bit of a wise, so that even if the River flooded it's it's on enough of a hill that, like the flooding would get to hear, but then that that like floodline goes like this kind of.
Timothy Sackton: You know, in a in a in a loop like that and that's that's just a gradual rise so there's a long stretch of just open desert going to the east.
Timothy Sackton: You know visibility is pretty good on a clear day, of course, in the middle of the you know at noon at the hottest time of the day, visibility kind of socks in the desert because it's hot and you get heat mirages and things and nobody wants to be out.
Timothy Sackton: searching anyway, you know it's just you know.
Timothy Sackton: And you know and in the morning somebody looking East from the work, for it is gonna be looking into the sun.
Timothy Sackton: Right so certainly there are ways that you could minimize your chance to being spotted, but it is basically just a flat open plane to the West, although to the sorry to the east and kind of rocky terrain, to the West harder to travel over but also much less disability.
Rev. David (he/him): can check just do like a spiral pattern of checking you know, remembering that dough with her the clink of Armor potentially curious to see if there's any traces left behind.
Timothy Sackton: How far do you want to go.
Rev. David (he/him): You quarter mile.
Rev. David (he/him): Or, more or less.
Rev. David (he/him): as well, no one thinks is reasonable.
Eric Rosenbaum: While we wash the breakfast dishes.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: It probably couldn't have been I mean it could have been I guess sound carry you can carry relatively far in the quiet desert night right like it could have been.
Timothy Sackton: could have been a few miles, maybe probably not not for as.
Timothy Sackton: A mile to.
Rev. David (he/him): i'll just keep expanding out and up until it's time to oh.
Timothy Sackton: Okay i'm so so where the train where you are now as on this river bad about him like a mile north of you, you have the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: To the directly south and west to be you have these cliffs that rise up so in your spiraling are you going to go up the river bed, are you going to go past the monastery are you gonna like try and climb up the cliffs.
Timothy Sackton: what's your sort of path here.
Rev. David (he/him): don't Do you know what direction you think you heard from.
Mike Sackton: The question.
Timothy Sackton: i'm like North north east.
Rev. David (he/him): Then that's the sort of quadrant that all okay.
Timothy Sackton: So that i'll take you up the River bad do you want to cut through the monastery or do you want to just stick to the river and come back.
Rev. David (he/him): I want to cut through the monastery because I also want an excuse to look into the.
Rev. David (he/him): house and see what's going on with our friend.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a perception check.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh.
Timothy Sackton: So you sat out in the early morning.
Timothy Sackton: desert light um you don't really find much along the river bad takes you maybe 20 minutes of searching to get up to where the monastery is and you start to head up the up the path from the River to the monastery itself and the first thing you immediately notice, as you approach the.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of bathhouse area is the bodies of the manta cars are lying there, but the orcs are gone.
Timothy Sackton: there's no quark bodies.
Rev. David (he/him): There are drag marks footprints bloodstains.
Timothy Sackton: Making investigation check or sorry survival.
Timothy Sackton: So it's a bit tricky to sort out because of course there's lots of footprints from you and the orcs fighting i'm there's definitely no drag marks the bodies are not dragged off somewhere um.
Timothy Sackton: If they disintegrated I mean there's no Armor left there's no gear um.
Timothy Sackton: there's not like I mean there are some bloodstains where the bodies lay and you can see where they lay but it's hard to sort out the like footprint dynamics.
Timothy Sackton: And there's no sound at all coming from the bathhouse.
Timothy Sackton: itself empty.
Timothy Sackton: lot that bar know the bar has been removed, like you had a wooden bar on the outside that was good and that's been removed and cast the side on the ground.
Rev. David (he/him): I will stop my search and move with all deliberate speed that you can help.
Rev. David (he/him): hey guys were fun.
Rev. David (he/him): to remember all the works that we killed yesterday.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah none of them are there anymore.
Rev. David (he/him): And so it took the bar off the bathhouse from the outside and there's no work inside the bathhouse either.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It took the bodies.
Rev. David (he/him): And in fact actually way TIM kind of read con because I feel it the same thing.
Rev. David (he/him): Standing up at the level of the temple i'm going to look North Is there anyone moving between here in the city.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see how far is that i'm.
Rev. David (he/him): spyglass too.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's about a thumb yeah make a perception check.
Timothy Sackton: um so I mean you see.
Timothy Sackton: A fair like especially peering through your spyglass you see a fair bit of activity at the orc for.
Timothy Sackton: More than when you were scouting as a as a.
Timothy Sackton: As a Hawk but, of course, that was mid afternoon that was like lunchtime 1130 when when people are given the desert heat everybody's kind of starting to take the rest break there's there's several groups of orcs that you can see, presumably or.
Timothy Sackton: Even in the spyglass it's a little bit far to identify types of humanoids but presumably oryx moving towards the city.
Timothy Sackton: And there are.
Timothy Sackton: Several moving, so it seems like there's one group that's moving slowly.
Timothy Sackton: As if they are tracking or searching i'm in the direction of the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: Come and then there's another that you can see that's kind of heading that's on the leg dry riverbed like right about here.
Timothy Sackton: So there's one like here and one like here that seemed to be moving slowly across the desert like groups of of like six seven orcs like about the fans of the band that you fought.
Rev. David (he/him): that's only like a mile right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean they're moving slowly but.
Timothy Sackton: moving slowly don't have more than.
Timothy Sackton: than like 3040 minutes until they're at the monastery.
Rev. David (he/him): or 10 minutes if they decided to jog moderately.
Timothy Sackton: 10 minutes if they decide to jog, but it seems like they are searching for I mean they're like they're like moving like zigzagging across the road like they're looking for something.
Timothy Sackton: Right, the ones down on the River are kind of doing the sort of thing you did like they're they're doing a spiral pattern and they're kind of you know, moving in expanding circles like up the river.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay, can I also just check all the other buildings that are up here at the monastery.
Rev. David (he/him): Like coke my house not like people camped out in these other buildings or something is there.
Timothy Sackton: I know.
Timothy Sackton: None of the other built all the buildings are unchanged.
Rev. David (he/him): And there's not.
Timothy Sackton: takes you about 15 minutes to do that.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay i'm gonna hustle that down.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay sure the news.
Rev. David (he/him): And the artists are looking for us yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe we should head for the hills, so to speak.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we go straight up that cliff do you think cross the.
Timothy Sackton: river betrayed up the class now, not with not with your.
Timothy Sackton: Horses your barrels of water, you are three weeks, where it's a food baxter your tents shelter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there a detour to get up that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, so.
Timothy Sackton: So the way that I mean the obvious passageway his head up to the bridge and go West, the way that you came originally in order to avoid.
Timothy Sackton: I think, because this bridge is where down with appeared, and you wanted to avoid coming too close to Carson was you, you came from the south remember.
Timothy Sackton: And so you could go back the way you came if you travel 20 miles South and then the cliffs gradually dropped down to nothing, and you can turn West there.
Timothy Sackton: But you're pretty much only options are to go about 1520 miles south or to go north to this passage way.
Timothy Sackton: Or, of course, very far north, but that doesn't make a lot.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so, if we go North the advantages we can conveniently make a stop for sightseeing.
Eric Rosenbaum: In Carson.
Mike Sackton: aren't we walking like literally right by works that are searching for us if we do that, though.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you were these there's art searching for you right here and right here, and these ones are getting closer these ones, maybe getting closer to if they split in half went North and one half went south.
Eric Rosenbaum: mean we could go East and around the North side.
Mike Sackton: I mean it's a band of six works.
Timothy Sackton: There was a group of six orcs.
Timothy Sackton: yeah six arcs here this group was bigger maybe 10.
Mike Sackton: We can kill six orcs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, what do we do.
Rev. David (he/him): we're far from home, and we have no backup we can probably take a group of 10 orcs but we can't probably take a group of 16 works just by sheer numbers.
Mike Sackton: I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What.
South.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenza goes over and just like puts his hand on well these forehead.
Timothy Sackton: Just like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like them.
Mike Sackton: My fear, with running south is that.
Mike Sackton: it's a long way.
Mike Sackton: To go.
Mike Sackton: it's not necessarily safer I guess.
Mike Sackton: If we if we.
Mike Sackton: If we break camp and ride at full speed now.
Mike Sackton: we're gonna kick up, I mean I think it's hard to avoid being see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's what's while these temperature.
Timothy Sackton: temperature.
Rev. David (he/him): Things are cool 94.2.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you feel fine you're not feversham.
Rev. David (he/him): No, no, no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Any other sensitive like ailment or injury or anything else.
Rev. David (he/him): Only only my pride for being treated this way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, but just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Be clear, well be you're saying we should not explore to the north, but instead retreat backwards from whence we came.
Rev. David (he/him): Ah, I think this is the crucial distinction yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): The most important thing.
Rev. David (he/him): is to explore, but even more most important thing is not to die yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Those those goals are constantly in conflict with you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: exactly when you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: leave a hole always historically chosen the airing on death side, which is why i'm alarmed at your sudden that your your behavior in the past 24 hours.
Rev. David (he/him): we've had the tactical advantage and all of the encounters that we've had so far.
Rev. David (he/him): We have oh certainly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't recall us having backup when we killed that demon and ravens hold.
Mike Sackton: We attacked that water.
Mike Sackton: creature in the fountain and the giants castle.
Mike Sackton: giant went insane and tried to kill us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or when we got chased by those giant lawyers that you woke up.
Mike Sackton: Now we did have a tactical advantage.
Rev. David (he/him): advantage on.
All of these.
Rev. David (he/him): Right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Meanwhile, the search party grows closer i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm happy heading South I think you gotta care was probably the wisest thing to do.
Rev. David (he/him): Even if they can track us from the dust will be mounted and they'll be on foot, at least initially, we didn't run into any mounted orcs.
Timothy Sackton: If not run into any mounted orcs.
Timothy Sackton: You rarely I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Down with you would know this, I mean they sometimes will ride.
Timothy Sackton: dire wolves and things but they rarely ride horses in the desert is not you know.
Timothy Sackton: not really particularly good terrain for dire wolf so.
Timothy Sackton: unlikely you didn't commit your mounted forks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, with are you feeling a certain way being so close to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where you first emerged.
Mike Sackton: I am.
Mike Sackton: I think we could learn a lot.
Mike Sackton: In Carson.
Eric Rosenbaum: about what.
Mike Sackton: crush the orcs what what is happening here, why is this.
Mike Sackton: Why are all these orcs curing what is what is disrupting this part of the world.
Mike Sackton: But it's.
Mike Sackton: it's clearly.
Mike Sackton: That there is obviously risky.
Rev. David (he/him): it's risky also because it looks like all there boasting about crush bringing them back or not letting them die or whatever appears not to just have been hype.
Mike Sackton: You think the orcs.
Mike Sackton: Oh, that you said they weren't dragged oh I missed that.
Mike Sackton: Oh bodies weren't dragged.
Mike Sackton: off they actually rose from the dead is yours it's your.
Rev. David (he/him): decision.
Timothy Sackton: that's.
Timothy Sackton: Your sure they weren't.
Timothy Sackton: dragged off.
Rev. David (he/him): And we know that something open the bar on the door from the outside.
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: They woke up and heard their friend and let them know.
Rev. David (he/him): Maybe the ghost came out of the template ate them all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: burn the body's.
Timothy Sackton: Not these parties you burn the bodies back in have darth camp.
Eric Rosenbaum: different story.
Eric Rosenbaum: So where did they go what what happened, they went back to their for having woken up and that triggered a search for what.
Mike Sackton: US presumably.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why didn't they just come back to the monastery when they search their.
Mike Sackton: True sense.
Mike Sackton: Well, their head or something we don't understand here.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I agree there's some other some third some other factor.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um why.
Timothy Sackton: don't overthink that too much, I might just want to give you a little bit of time to make a plan before arcs descend on you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks TIM.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well they're also heading South from the fort and we are south of the fort.
Timothy Sackton: Well let's see they're heading in your direction towards the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Light not.
Rev. David (he/him): Our options are go North and fight or go South and run.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I did die yesterday.
Rev. David (he/him): Instead of vote for north or south.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can go either way if you guys want to fight or flight.
secret.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: I always think to solve a problem with cleverness rather than explosions, much as I like explosions.
Rev. David (he/him): Over this is the name given your weapon.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think.
don't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: master.
Rev. David (he/him): will cast both of our votes for self.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: incredible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Eric Rosenbaum: He says after.
Rev. David (he/him): always just kill these orcs to keep them off our tail.
Mike Sackton: Is it worth.
Mike Sackton: Hiding and seeing what happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: The basement a couple.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hiding with our horses and all of our.
Mike Sackton: we've the camp.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could make us a kind of blind.
Rev. David (he/him): Just wait for them an ambush and they'll come down around the bend in the river.
Mike Sackton: that's kind of what I was suggesting yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many days are right away from car what.
Timothy Sackton: Car was pretty far.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's something like 230 miles.
Timothy Sackton: whoa maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe yeah 10 days yeah I.
Timothy Sackton: mean you, you left 40 you left two weeks ago, and he took a slightly indirect route i'm getting back to the stone house is probably about 100 miles so that's maybe maybe four or five days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we can rest their.
Timothy Sackton: hearts camp is only 80 miles well if you go South first and then back it's more like 110 miles, if you go North it's about 80 miles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was that our plan to go back to have dark.
Timothy Sackton: You didn't make a plan.
Mike Sackton: was to.
Mike Sackton: eventually make our way back possibly stopping it I get to us and that.
Mike Sackton: Caroline.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's highly relevant.
Mike Sackton: You probably have like.
Timothy Sackton: Like I would say, maybe, maybe four or five days of water at this point.
Timothy Sackton: There have been opportunities to refill but you can't I mean you can't carry three weeks, you have three weeks of food.
Timothy Sackton: there's no way you can carry three weeks of water, through the desert it's just.
Timothy Sackton: impressively impossible so.
Timothy Sackton: Now you know you did, there are like places, you can refill but.
Timothy Sackton: You would need to stop somewhere you couldn't probably can just go to care what straight.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can actually just make us a giant.
Eric Rosenbaum: barrel water.
Eric Rosenbaum: I suppose.
Eric Rosenbaum: That work.
Eric Rosenbaum: It would only exist for like three hours, but it would be drinkable I think.
Timothy Sackton: that's.
I.
Timothy Sackton: don't think that would keep you from dying of dehydration.
Timothy Sackton: quench your thirst, but.
Timothy Sackton: Right it wouldn't stop you if that was all you drank you would still suffer the effects of not having any water that day.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh cuz the water would finish again right.
Eric Rosenbaum: With the object fair enough um okay so to play out one scenario.
Eric Rosenbaum: We I build us a little.
Eric Rosenbaum: stone hutch that's indistinguishable from the surrounding terrain, that we can hide behind and then either stay here till they go away or still slowly kill them which might attract more unclear or we could just leave.
Eric Rosenbaum: To the South.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dakota if you want to head North what, how do we even I mean, clearly we are known, now the orchestra looking for us how would we be able to play it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I agree we're far out here I mean now that we're so close it does feel like you know we're able to learn something that might be useful, but how do we do that now that our.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our tactical advantage to us, while these phrasing is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: appears to have a rapper rated.
Mike Sackton: I think we either.
Mike Sackton: All we can do is either two of us could go and visibly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long does your visibility last.
An hour.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bad.
Mike Sackton: enough time to go a couple miles.
Mike Sackton: But not very much time at the destination.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well then, you have to get back somehow yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah I mean but it's like a mile and a half.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike Sackton: To get there right so fine you can go three miles in an hour pretty easily I can go three miles an hour i'm sure.
Timothy Sackton: You can go.
Timothy Sackton: You could you could go for miles an hour is one point it's like about a mile and a half, from where you are.
Timothy Sackton: To my father.
Mike Sackton: We went to a very much time there.
Mike Sackton: right because.
Mike Sackton: The three miles will take.
Mike Sackton: let's say 30 minutes 40 minutes let's say so we have 20 minutes they're.
Mike Sackton: Flying as another option.
Mike Sackton: Unfortunately, stupid dia de rules mean I can't both fly add be invisible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: But only one of us.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thinking about the Hawk that we intended earlier and.
Eric Rosenbaum: just watching the soaring birds on the.
Eric Rosenbaum: thermals gives me an idea about constructing an artificial apparatus that you could sort of strapped to your body.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, if one person were to say climb those cliffs and strategically leap off and just the right direction they might be able to soar quite a long distance.
Eric Rosenbaum: Supposedly, they landed.
Eric Rosenbaum: prudently within the next few hours before that.
Mike Sackton: I think, realistically, if we.
Mike Sackton: Our best bet would be to.
Mike Sackton: Make the orcs think we've gone and then circle back around.
Mike Sackton: i'm not sure how to do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like like sending one of the horses cells to make a cloud that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe have us in it.
Eric Rosenbaum: or backs there.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can make big shoes for baxter.
Eric Rosenbaum: or a brush that he could drag behind him.
Rev. David (he/him): he's got big feet, I mean if I asked him to make a big old dust cloud i'm sure he would.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then he'd have to circle around and meet up with us, but.
Rev. David (he/him): Arthur potentially dozens upon dozens upon dozens.
Rev. David (he/him): of living and dead and undead.
Rev. David (he/him): works, I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: approach isn't even now looking for us.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes, that's true, I mean there's the 16 of them, but like.
Rev. David (he/him): Why do, why do we think that.
Rev. David (he/him): there's not 100 times.
Rev. David (he/him): 10 times that number.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Between here and the bridge, can we send your Hawk well be just to do a more detailed scout try to see how many orcs there are there.
Eric Rosenbaum: We go, we need enough find a Hawk when.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't have a Hawk.
Mike Sackton: We also only have a few minutes before we're going to be found.
Timothy Sackton: You probably have about 15 minutes until they get to the monastery and.
Then.
Timothy Sackton: It was what past that but.
Mike Sackton: I mean, did we.
Mike Sackton: My impression is our belief was there wasn't a ton of activity and Carson like Why did we think we could go presumably we weren't crazy to think we could go close to Carson it's not like bristling with God is is that.
Timothy Sackton: Not true what.
Timothy Sackton: What while we saw the first time, he scouted was that again, this was it like.
Timothy Sackton: 1130 Min there there wasn't there was not the only place to as much activity was like this kind of South Western like smithies and barracks district and a little bit over towards the stadium, and most of that was orcs.
Timothy Sackton: querying stone from the from the ruins and bringing them back to the fort it's not like, there were guards around the walls this North Eastern part that's like ruins is was all just like.
Timothy Sackton: Empty ruins this this northern wall is completely crumbled and you could just walk past that um.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of entry gates here and the sort of path to the palace, a little bit more intact, but again, not much activity right, so the activities seem to be confined to like you know something like you know.
Timothy Sackton: The limited by this kind of.
Timothy Sackton: You know square so that's why you thought I mean if you if you went wide East and came around from the North or when this way and came came through here right, you know yeah there's not there wasn't it's not like you didn't see like guards at every day or along the wall, or anything.
Mike Sackton: So here's the plan build a build a.
Mike Sackton: Building build a hirings have seeker shape a hiding spot that works for the horses right set up our camp like we hastily flooded send back.
Mike Sackton: X baxter south.
Mike Sackton: To outrun the orcs and make a trail going South like wake we wake we fled like we fly when we saw them basically.
Mike Sackton: Wait until the heat of the day, say noon in our little hidey spot.
Mike Sackton: And then make our way along the cliff north.
Mike Sackton: and go check out the ruins.
Mike Sackton: Basically.
Mike Sackton: If the orcs.
Mike Sackton: are still active if they don't take the bait.
Mike Sackton: We either ambush them and flee South after baxter we ambush the immediate group and flee south.
Mike Sackton: Or we.
Mike Sackton: Get slaughtered I guess.
Who.
Mike Sackton: If they do take the bait and the coast seems clear at at noon.
Mike Sackton: We make our way North and see what's in Carson and then.
Mike Sackton: And then fleet and then.
Mike Sackton: Go.
Mike Sackton: And then leave I guess.
Mike Sackton: they're chasing us to the south, I don't think they're gonna think that we're.
Mike Sackton: presuming that they're not.
Mike Sackton: Many, many of them right.
Mike Sackton: We could even some of us could go in visibly first how far can we communicate.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who.
Rev. David (he/him): Not that far.
Timothy Sackton: That.
Timothy Sackton: yeah like like what 1600 feet, I think.
Timothy Sackton: The the the halfway laffy is basically the.
Mike Sackton: mess last trip.
Mike Sackton: Where we ride South now.
Mike Sackton: as fast as we can and hope we don't run them.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's something appealing about the slightly crazy or more complex plan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what i'm game either way want to kill some works kill some marks right South fine right and south.
Rev. David (he/him): We can always read South that after we told the works.
Eric Rosenbaum: There you go.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is, I don't normally to accomplish.
Everything.
Rev. David (he/him): they'll just come back again so it's not like we're causing any permanent damage.
that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: a clue that does change the situation in an important way well be that's a great point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should burn if we tell them this time, this is not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lucky, what do you think.
Mike Sackton: they're gonna happen illusion spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was just wondering how we might hide ourselves as we crossed the open desert plane.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think I have a spell that can actually hide all of us.
Timothy Sackton: yeah minor lesion can only cover five feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: square if there were some object and create that we could hide behind this We walked through the desert.
Timothy Sackton: You could make a giant wooden horse.
What.
Rev. David (he/him): leads to the south, but then loop back around again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like way out to the east and then north.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah in a day or two.
Mike Sackton: I mean we could do that as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's just open sand out there, though.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, we could loop around to the West, though I mean skirt all the way down to the cliffs and then.
Mike Sackton: Come back on the road.
Rev. David (he/him): Come back on the road exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah if we're going to go away around that would be much easier and safer, I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well what's the plan go South along the river.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then go West.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then come North again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To the West.
Mike Sackton: We go.
Mike Sackton: Please.
And then we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got software that that the cliff and then go North but up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Along the cliffs but from the from with for having the height.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can do that, I know that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like this plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: Unfortunately, it makes more sense than most of the things that we've discussed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Much as I like the hiding and deception and sending the xp and everything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah you know all of that's going to fail, and then we just have to kill the arcs anyways.
Eric Rosenbaum: you're totally right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At least this way I can get some get some rest and not be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All disadvantaged and shit.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wish it made sense for me to make a hang glider but I don't think it does.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like that idea.
Timothy Sackton: All right back to carry their resumes is probably a great place to hang glide off.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just recreationally.
Timothy Sackton: Just recreationally.
Eric Rosenbaum: will never make it um.
Rev. David (he/him): Alright, so let's play South and loop around.
Eric Rosenbaum: The next.
Eric Rosenbaum: your hands in the form of a while yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): to explore the city.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is it.
Rev. David (he/him): The goal is to explore the city or at least to put down with on the bridge again.
Eric Rosenbaum: So tell with can make contact with his boss.
Timothy Sackton: know just say you're gonna like pack up your camp load everything onto the horses.
Timothy Sackton: Which is probably going to take you.
Timothy Sackton: Some time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, no, we were all we were packed out this whole time as we were talking.
Timothy Sackton: While you're talking, you are packing out.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There was no mistakes.
Timothy Sackton: still have about 10 minutes till the orcs are likely at the monastery.
Timothy Sackton: And after that you're about a mile South so, even if they.
Timothy Sackton: discover that you're gone from the monastery in sprint in this direction you still have like say.
Timothy Sackton: 30 minutes before they'll be camp.
Mike Sackton: Are we going to just I mean are we just gonna ride and see if they come after us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah let's just go south.
alright.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well i'll run them we got horses.
Timothy Sackton: We got back sorry you're just pushing fast pace, but not worrying about.
Timothy Sackton: cracked staff at all.
Rev. David (he/him): Is there a way to not leave tracks, I mean is there rock to go on as opposed to sand or something.
Timothy Sackton: Not unless you have a way to get up the cliff.
Note.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or South to, we have to go before we get to where the cliff turns where we can like kind of turn on upon the look of it.
Timothy Sackton: that's about 20 miles it's it's like a day.
Timothy Sackton: If you're going if you're if you're you know riding hard, I would say, like two thirds of a day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I guess, one question is, are these undead orcs are going to March at night.
Mike Sackton: I think we want to find out, I mean it is our hope is the not gonna catch up to us, but if they do I mean we can't just sit here and talk for hours right.
Timothy Sackton: we're writing says.
Timothy Sackton: Now you have about 25 minutes before the race you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Read examples myself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or you want to kill him now.
Mike Sackton: No, I think we ride South fast and yeah we assume work it out run them and if they actually are undead and go all night we're gonna learn something before we killed them.
Mike Sackton: cool.
Rev. David (he/him): Great here we go.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: With the camp packed.
Timothy Sackton: And the.
Timothy Sackton: You know the on your horse is your your three horses, one for each of seeker dealt with and kenzo plus baxter which lobby is writing on plus your to spare horses with water and.
Timothy Sackton: Food and all you ever your you know survival gear, to make it this far in the desert you break south.
Timothy Sackton: riding hard along this dry riverbed which is pretty solid terrain for for riding on.
Timothy Sackton: The dust cloud that is kicked up by your departure is obvious.
Timothy Sackton: And you can hear you know shouts in the distance from the orcs about a mile off watching you know at the cliffs of the monastery looking out over the plane.
Timothy Sackton: But traveling hard.
Timothy Sackton: pushing through the the heat of the day.
Timothy Sackton: bye.
Timothy Sackton: About.
Timothy Sackton: Say 3pm like late mid afternoon you've come to the come far enough South that the.
Timothy Sackton: That the cliffs have dropped down and and there's just the sort of flat expanse of of rocky desert to your West.
Timothy Sackton: If there is any pursuit.
Timothy Sackton: you've not seen signs of that or you've left them so far behind that they are.
Timothy Sackton: Not that they're not visible to you.
Timothy Sackton: And you turn to the West.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, heading sort of North Northwest a little bit away from the riverbed and into the.
Timothy Sackton: sort of more rocky cliff.
Timothy Sackton: Like area of the desert and as sun sets do you want to make camp.
Timothy Sackton: or keep going into the night.
Mike Sackton: That we should keep going a little ways in the night, I mean not all night but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: How long would it take us to get back from here to go back up North and then circle back around.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: let's say you went 20 miles South and then about five miles West and then five miles north so you're about 15 miles.
Timothy Sackton: South of the road and the bridge.
Timothy Sackton: About.
Timothy Sackton: So 20 miles total.
Mike Sackton: I think the goal would be to ride enough tonight that if we get up early and ride in the morning, we can come back to the bridge around the hottest part of the day.
Timothy Sackton: Okay i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Really, though, given that you have been riding hard through the hot desert sun and you're now pushing into the night.
Timothy Sackton: To keep pushing forward you're going to need to make Constitution jack's.
Timothy Sackton: So can everybody make a constitution jack I are risking as exhausted, which at least On one level you'll recover.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Well, being and and down with our fine but kenzo and seeker the heat.
Timothy Sackton: Not being used to the heat or the hard riding.
Timothy Sackton: This you know one one.
Timothy Sackton: An extra hour or so of traveling getting about another say let's say five miles north has just wiped you out.
Timothy Sackton: At the moment, you both have one level of exhaustion you you can't keep pushing if you want, but if you.
Timothy Sackton: fell another.
Timothy Sackton: Constitution check, then you will be you won't be able to recover fully in one night sleep.
Timothy Sackton: At the moment, you're maybe maybe 10 miles south of the.
Timothy Sackton: 10 miles south of the road and about.
Timothy Sackton: Three miles.
Timothy Sackton: Three four miles west of the river.
Mike Sackton: I think we can peer.
Rev. David (he/him): Group.
Mike Sackton: get up early just before dawn.
Mike Sackton: We should be able to cover 10 me if we didn't cover five miles an hour, we could be we break camp at 7am we could.
Mike Sackton: Be at the bridge by a web and easily.
Eric Rosenbaum: With people were not made for her dread and in the desert.
Timothy Sackton: So you sat camp.
Timothy Sackton: presume presumably quiet hidden as best you can.
Timothy Sackton: And, yes.
Mike Sackton: The main thing is to pay attention to see if the undead orcs marched all through the night and are going to catch up to us, yes.
Timothy Sackton: So so let's see um.
Timothy Sackton: yeah why doesn't everybody give me just let's see doll with seeker, and while be well perception checks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: sacre is very tired.
Timothy Sackton: yep i'm.
Timothy Sackton: given your exhaustion you've you've.
Timothy Sackton: dealt with you hear nothing or see nothing during your watch, but the desert animals um.
Timothy Sackton: You know as the sun you've ridden past sunset into twilight.
Timothy Sackton: By the time you know everybody's asleep and you're watching it's it started to get quiet, but you hear the occasional like could have an owl see a small desert mouse scurrying across the camp.
Timothy Sackton: As you wake seeker in the middle of the night he.
Timothy Sackton: seeker, you can barely keep your eyes open and find yourself dozing off a couple of times.
Timothy Sackton: snapping awake at like you know 3am realizing you were you have to wake.
Timothy Sackton: up now, but not really having paid much attention during your watch.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be your watch is also quiet and non eventful.
Timothy Sackton: You wake everybody just before dawn at you know 5am a little before 5am as the.
Timothy Sackton: As just the leg pre dawn light is starting to crack the sky.
Timothy Sackton: Again, that exhaustion you can remove you can all take a long rest.
Timothy Sackton: case you need hit dice or something i'm kenza you feel not quite back to yourself, but close.
Timothy Sackton: You know the.
Timothy Sackton: Not it wasn't it wasn't so much that it was painful just that moment, when you had left your body, the sort of.
Timothy Sackton: shock and dis association of it is fading and you are now now nearly back to your fall.
Timothy Sackton: recovered state.
Excellent.
Timothy Sackton: As you had North and East in the pre dawn light after a cold breakfast the.
You know.
Timothy Sackton: Are you what are you, what is your strategy your plan for your camp or your elite you're leaving your.
Timothy Sackton: Supplies here you're bringing your supplies in your pack horses.
Timothy Sackton: you're just taking your riding horses.
Mike Sackton: I think we just we should be prepared to.
Mike Sackton: see a question I don't know what people think I would I would go white to the city, so that we can fleet quickly.
Rev. David (he/him): I agree, and maybe stash the horses and.
yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Secret box yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: We might.
Eric Rosenbaum: be able to stash them by the southernmost one of the tombstones.
Mike Sackton: yeah I mean I would try and smash them somewhere like here or here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, by the way.
Mike Sackton: Here is probably the right spot.
Mike Sackton: or here, not all the way down here I mean we'll get aren't, the plan is to go.
Mike Sackton: Through this way right.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then, like kicked the hornet's nest or run away, and so we just need to be running away in a straight.
Mike Sackton: Line exactly yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So you break camp pack up your dwindling supply of water i'm head North i'm about 10 miles.
Timothy Sackton: takes you takes you maybe three hours again moving moving quickly.
Timothy Sackton: So by.
Timothy Sackton: You know by nine 930.
Timothy Sackton: i'm as the sun is now fully up in the sky.
Timothy Sackton: The desert is starting to get hot.
Timothy Sackton: From the.
Timothy Sackton: You know the heat beginning to radiate from the ground as as it everything warms up.
Timothy Sackton: you've reached the road, maybe a little bit west of here.
Timothy Sackton: And this, this is the old.
Timothy Sackton: No, this is not the, this is not the like old trade road that drain Korean Trade road that runs east, west, north of here, this is a, this is a done Mari road and not at the moment not.
Timothy Sackton: You know this this point in time, you know nope no paving stones nothing just a sort of.
Timothy Sackton: flat place in the desert that's been cleared of debris and that cuts through.
Timothy Sackton: These sort of rocky terrain and a straight path east.
Timothy Sackton: So, are you you're following the road East to about here.
Mike Sackton: Is that your plan what's yeah basically.
Mike Sackton: Somewhere in the cliffs here we'd like to set up a.
Mike Sackton: shelter for the horses and then we'll go.
Mike Sackton: Well, I mean that's only.
Mike Sackton: that's only a mile right.
Timothy Sackton: that's 1.5 miles from yes, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: it's like it's like 1.5 1.6 miles along the road to like this point or somewhere right.
Rev. David (he/him): You can try calling another birth down to a overflight again.
Timothy Sackton: yeah sure the so when you get here well i'm seeker is a.
Timothy Sackton: Secret is beginning to construct his.
Timothy Sackton: His horsebox um it's now yeah it's like about 930 10 at this point, and so you know the thermals are going the talks who eat snakes and lizards are are definitely up in the sky.
Timothy Sackton: So make an animal handling check.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so you you're certainly able to again use your strategy that you've used in the past, lay out some food and.
Timothy Sackton: You know, in this case, particularly if you can snag a lizard or something and and lay it out a little way from the camp.
Timothy Sackton: wait for a Hawk to to approach and then just offer it get it to come into your hand with some food it sort of looks at you.
Timothy Sackton: And seems to be willing.
Timothy Sackton: For your.
Timothy Sackton: For your beast sense.
Timothy Sackton: So, as it was down the lizard you slide into its mind.
Rev. David (he/him): And we'll go and take a look i'm curious both if there's anything known to the west of us on the road, but then, more importantly, what's going on to the east.
Timothy Sackton: i'm make a.
Timothy Sackton: make a perception check with advantage hawks of key insights.
Eric Rosenbaum: This.
Timothy Sackton: i'm nothing to the West, the road is is quiet there doesn't seem to be anything.
Timothy Sackton: You know, to the west of here are sort of moving on the cliffs or anything like that.
Timothy Sackton: As you approach sort of fly over you know soaring over the org forward and then doing the loop around Carson there's definitely more.
Timothy Sackton: is definitely activity around the org for it, you can see that there now there are there seemed to be guards posted here and here at this southern gate that weren't there before.
Timothy Sackton: And you see.
Timothy Sackton: A few sort of patrols that are doing a sort of a route not too many there's maybe three of them that you spot that are doing sort of circuits around the city there's still the activity of of moving back and forth here.
Timothy Sackton: There are also.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where was that.
Timothy Sackton: Where were the sorry moving back and forth between the the you know carrying stone and stuff that construction on the fort.
Timothy Sackton: hasn't stopped so there's still orcs moving back and forth, but there's more activity than the city, then you'd seen before and there seems to be patrols that are like you know moving around here and, like a regular interval the city itself is is you know.
Timothy Sackton: it's like a little over a mile in.
Timothy Sackton: In diameter and so, if there's like three patrols moving and kind of regular circuit around the ruins i'm just sort of seeming to keep an eye out for anything um.
Timothy Sackton: There are you see.
Timothy Sackton: It seems like.
Timothy Sackton: You know, you can see in the distance there's a there seems to be a patrol sort of moving South this way and another one coming north.
Timothy Sackton: which you can see just in the distance that the plume of dust there seems to be two groups like converging just south of that just just west of the monastery one going South one going north.
Timothy Sackton: And there are clearly more guard station on the art for them.
Timothy Sackton: than there had been before and the other thing you notice is the palace itself seems to be completely in shadow.
Timothy Sackton: Like it's a sunny day, but the palaces.
Timothy Sackton: Like you can't really see anything into the palace, because, as you fly over it it's like passing.
Timothy Sackton: Through a dark storm cloud and everything's kind of hazy below and the Hawk hates it and basically won't go lower.
Mike Sackton: overfly the palace how big are the Ark patrols.
Timothy Sackton: Each one is typically six orcs.
Better double checked with us correct.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there they range between five and eight or X, but most of them average sex.
Mike Sackton: And how long does it take to go around the circuit, I mean what's the.
Timothy Sackton: Southern space, maybe about every 30 minutes one will pass a particular point.
Rev. David (he/him): sort of make a note of that rhythm to figure out our time.
Timothy Sackton: Anything else you want to look for in particular.
Rev. David (he/him): Other controls or other orcs moving inside the city.
Rev. David (he/him): Besides that areas they touched before.
Timothy Sackton: So there's the patrols moving around there's still the construction activity that's happening in this part of the city there doesn't seem to be any other oryx moving.
Timothy Sackton: Of course, with the palace and shadow it's hard to say what's happening in the palace.
Rev. David (he/him): Is there any sense we can get of how big the barrack sarla can we make any kind of a guesstimate of size.
Timothy Sackton: how big the arc for.
Rev. David (he/him): Is yeah.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah so.
Timothy Sackton: Make.
Timothy Sackton: Make it just straight intelligence check.
Timothy Sackton: it's probably like.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: hundred to 200 orcs could sort of fit in that Fort.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of add up everything you've seen around you know there's probably usually.
Timothy Sackton: You know 50 or so orcs out in various ways that you can kind of see outside the fort between the work patrols to work crews, the construction crews, the.
Timothy Sackton: That and then the patrols is maybe another 20 and there's some sort of movement around the for the, for you know in this sort of open area it's it's hard to say exactly but you'd guess like.
Timothy Sackton: hundred hundred to 250 somewhere like that it's not 1000 and it's not 20.
Rev. David (he/him): well.
Timothy Sackton: it's not like dread but it's you know, in the low hundreds, he would guess.
Rev. David (he/him): i'll update my map of the city and notes and like confirm that the previous sketch one works so yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): And otherwise oh really alien phone.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: Well, well be a scouting seeker I presume you're.
Timothy Sackton: Constructing with Mother Earth a sand.
Timothy Sackton: cube.
Timothy Sackton: it's not going to be super well camouflaged if you're just.
Timothy Sackton: Building it with mold and.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is to hide the horses.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right in my creation ability doesn't last long enough for this to be useful right.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I don't know how long are you going to scout for last for the last.
Eric Rosenbaum: few hours doesn't create three hours here, I think that I could make a strategically placed rich they're not going to so just to block one of so from the east.
Eric Rosenbaum: can really make.
Eric Rosenbaum: Total concealment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wonder if you can make like a trap you like make like a like some earth that like looks like stable but it's not stable and then like the our swag on it and they like Bob die.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, I could certainly excavate the necessary pit and then we could lay something across it like like there with boards lying around but.
Timothy Sackton: that's why you can create what it board speaker that's.
Timothy Sackton: out of thin air.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can create with.
Eric Rosenbaum: um I I got skills.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here nita random objects are like I wish I had a screwdriver literally anything.
Rev. David (he/him): But only for three hours.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let me know yeah.
Mike Sackton: Three hours should be enough time.
Rev. David (he/him): I think three hours have enough time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, but what So what do we need, aside from visual concealment from the east.
Mike Sackton: I think that's, the main thing we need.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I should just be able to make a Ridge.
Timothy Sackton: high enough yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: The horses, but bright earth so that's all.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so just using using.
Timothy Sackton: excavating the the sort of loose leaf sand and dirt here you like dig a little shallow entrenchment and build up a ritual that conceals the horses.
Timothy Sackton: up against the side of the wall from the.
Timothy Sackton: Against the side of the cliff and then concealed from the East by this this rich construction.
Eric Rosenbaum: Prison we can hobbled them so they don't wander off too yeah.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And baxter's going to stay with the horses.
Rev. David (he/him): Horses yeah okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: which we do for romantic or protection Willie.
Just kidding.
Eric Rosenbaum: If we saw those there's probably more somewhere nearby but not, I guess, close to the city.
Rev. David (he/him): let's do it, I think we should move quick.
Rev. David (he/him): bathroom before we start.
Eric Rosenbaum: spoken like a dad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we're all going to the city.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're just hitting the ball.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well i'll i'll get if I can get a little closer.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can just look into it.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: Of course, you need to beat a clairvoyant at.
Eric Rosenbaum: One mile and one mile from the palace is probably the relevant things so that would be ordering right across the bridge that's amazing yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Right, although remember well, let me double check I don't think you can move.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: The sensor remains in place for the duration so so so you it's not something you can send a scatter out it's a you can see one place for.
Timothy Sackton: 10 minutes.
Timothy Sackton: But you have to describe the place you want it to appear right.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we'll have to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have a look at the palace in some way.
Eric Rosenbaum: so that I can position myself relative to it, is there a landmark that you saw will be in the palace that might be worth looking at no, it was all just kind of from above in shadow right.
Timothy Sackton: So the first time you scouted the main the main landmark so the palace.
Timothy Sackton: The Palace itself is not it's it's a it's like a inner city where there's like walls like this.
Timothy Sackton: antagonists i'm a like a big like half the space is like a big open garden courtyard area and then there's like.
Timothy Sackton: The other half of the space is a large building.
Timothy Sackton: So, but as you flew over this time that was all deep and shadow, and you couldn't really see through the darkness.
Rev. David (he/him): So not to face yesterday.
Timothy Sackton: That was not the case yesterday.
Eric Rosenbaum: crashes in.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I would suggest trying to put a sensor in the part of the palace.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: Maybe you can see garage you can even watch for a few minutes least and see what's going on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Rich should I watch in towards the palace from the courtyard or try to position it.
Mike Sackton: Can you ask to put it inside the front doors of the palace.
Eric Rosenbaum: It says behind a door is one of the examples.
Timothy Sackton: You can put it anywhere, you can describe.
Timothy Sackton: As long as one mile and it and it specifies a specific location either been to or you can specify.
Eric Rosenbaum: So is there a known Palace door in the interior building.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so based on secret description.
Timothy Sackton: or sorry well these description from the from the first fly over there's like a big palace, which is again, one of these stands down buildings there's a large there's like steps leading up to a large front door.
mm hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Then, of course, he couldn't see beyond.
Timothy Sackton: The door, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: yeah gas from your just basic sense of architecture, given your background is that.
Timothy Sackton: there's probably most of these buildings have some sort of enter Chamber or something like that you might not put it directly in beyond the front door, but you can describe.
Timothy Sackton: 20 feet past the front door or.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whatever as.
Timothy Sackton: long as you can describe as long as you can specify a unique location, that you can describe with reference to things that you know where they are it's facing.
Eric Rosenbaum: still want to end up in the room, or the Madrid or whatever.
Timothy Sackton: Right, well, it might be a bit of a you know.
Timothy Sackton: it's a bit of a gamble right because you don't know exactly what the layout of the palaces.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right So what do we need to find out it's like we want to get a glimpse of garage basically if we.
Can.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we're seeing likely to be, is there a throne room would that be in line of sight of that main front door if your garage do you maybe like remove some load bearing walls at risk of destroying the structure to have a much bigger inner space, maybe i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: aim for putting my point of view.
Eric Rosenbaum: More or less in the Center of the palace.
Eric Rosenbaum: At the ground level.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe i'll end up in a bathroom or something but.
Timothy Sackton: So you're all traveling down this road to a point where.
Timothy Sackton: So this this is pretty.
Eric Rosenbaum: Open once you get yeah you're just.
Timothy Sackton: site to the mean arcs can see you from there right it's.
Mike Sackton: Can we wake up the cliff here.
Mike Sackton: Like is there.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can go wherever you want i'm just saying tell me where you're going.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Mike Sackton: that's not quite close enough.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we maybe we could.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just.
Eric Rosenbaum: quickly scramble out to this bridge and hide in its shadow.
Rev. David (he/him): yo on the North side of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah nice nice up here.
Mike Sackton: I mean to boss could be invisible.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if that helps.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the other two are very short.
Mike Sackton: who's best itself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And those very salty.
Rev. David (he/him): Well it's pretty stealthy.
Mike Sackton: I mean the other option is seeker you could be invisible.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's do that.
Mike Sackton: dealt with in secret, will be invisible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: amazing and it's got a plus for itself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so we sneak out from the cover of the cliff.
Mike Sackton: And the goal is to end up here.
Mike Sackton: So the goal is to end.
Timothy Sackton: Up end up where.
Mike Sackton: they're hiding.
Mike Sackton: Hiding basically underneath the bridge okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you.
Timothy Sackton: You creep along the edge of the cliff.
Timothy Sackton: Who So who is invisible dial with and.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: i'm okay at this distance sound is irrelevant so.
Timothy Sackton: pretty much you're automatically stealthy if you're invisible.
Timothy Sackton: or extra closer they might be able to hear you.
Mike Sackton: answered but.
Timothy Sackton: However well be and kenzo I need stealth checks from you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: US healthy.
Timothy Sackton: So you.
Timothy Sackton: Just dart along the shadows.
Timothy Sackton: Taking advantage here, the fact that the sun now higher in the sky, but still in the east before noon is is casting some shadows along the edge, you know until you get to this final this final like quarter mile distance basically.
Timothy Sackton: Where you just you're sort of creeping low on the ground, just kind of using little rocks or whatever you can find in it until eventually like there's about 100 yards that's just straight open terrain you've got no choice but to just run and hope nobody sees you.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm just sterling windmilling arms.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Down with and and speaker are just.
Timothy Sackton: are just there so so.
Timothy Sackton: Because you both are.
Timothy Sackton: are notably speedy kenza with your increase moves speed and while be with bonus action dash.
Timothy Sackton: Make.
Timothy Sackton: athletics check with advantage.
Timothy Sackton: represent your flat out sprint to cover the last hundred yards.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh boy.
With advantage roll.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh man.
Eric Rosenbaum: What happened.
Timothy Sackton: For.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's incredible.
Timothy Sackton: Should not reload your reload.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh it's because of my.
religion.
Timothy Sackton: It should be minus.
Timothy Sackton: should be minus two.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay generally he's only mostly dead right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now it's got all again.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Well advantage, you can vote once more.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, there we go.
Timothy Sackton: So you sort of gear yourself up for this for this last sprint.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo manages to run.
Timothy Sackton: run quite quickly well be.
Timothy Sackton: For a second you're caught out in the open and.
Timothy Sackton: you're not sure if anybody saw you have anybody happened to be looking at you, but you had like a minute there where you felt very exposed running across this open space.
Timothy Sackton: But you are now at the bridge and there's not any sound of alarm so.
Timothy Sackton: Not quite sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: place.
Timothy Sackton: And you are now all sort of crouched in the in the shadow of this bridge so so as you.
Timothy Sackton: As you approach the bridge, you can see that this.
Timothy Sackton: This is a stone bridge made of made of heart stands down but it's kind of pointless as the river is just to try wash so it's this big bridge spanning nothing it's early done Mari construction not not drink or in.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: solidly belt only crumbling in a few placements.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who knows, maybe herself cross this bridge.
Timothy Sackton: fat now go ahead.
Rev. David (he/him): or their sewer put something into the river that are visible.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Not in this direction.
Rev. David (he/him): That on the North side of the bridge does.
Timothy Sackton: Not on the not on the North, not on the West side of the city like.
Timothy Sackton: You don't see any like here here Jeff could be some like on the on this side but they're blocked that that is blocked.
Timothy Sackton: In fact you remember seeing when you flew over that this sort of.
Timothy Sackton: The leg smoothies of this.
Timothy Sackton: There was like to bring water to the forges and so that there was definitely some water infrastructure in like this part of town.
Timothy Sackton: But not on the North side, not on the Northwest side.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is invisibility law.
Mike Sackton: And our.
Timothy Sackton: Like 10 minutes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay i'm gonna cast my clairvoyance.
Eric Rosenbaum: amy.
Timothy Sackton: translating it.
Eric Rosenbaum: invisible Center in the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Center point of the palace structure, aiming for the throne room okay let's see what the Center point would be oh God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As seniors.
Timothy Sackton: And seniors do have a map, so I can.
Timothy Sackton: I know exactly what you're going to.
Eric Rosenbaum: fish get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A seeker is doing all this Enzo looks at all if we're kind of the bridge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you feeling.
Mike Sackton: Does any of this, that means is that time is anything familiar to me.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you as you approach the bridge you do.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you do have a clear memory of seeing this bridge.
Timothy Sackton: This seeing the same bridge, but at night or in shadow.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: sort of somehow from both above and.
Timothy Sackton: and looking West, at the same time.
Timothy Sackton: almost as if your vision was split like there was a some sort of mirror that gate was giving you double vision and you could see the bridge from the top, and then the bridge, as if you are standing here looking West.
Timothy Sackton: You have a strong sense of deja vu.
Timothy Sackton: But nothing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nothing, what about visions of Sherman.
Timothy Sackton: or no, no visions or memories.
Mike Sackton: i'm tempted to use the time that.
Mike Sackton: seeker is clairvoyant sing since in visibility only last for 15 more minutes to go.
Eric Rosenbaum: To just roll in.
here.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry go, whereas on a different screen.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And just in destiny am it's only a half mile.
yep.
Mike Sackton: and probably pretty so what say that's 15 minutes, so I should have I mean there and back.
Mike Sackton: say so that's half an hour to explore inside yep I just want to poke around this North ruins and see if there's any thing.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so so seeker, let me, let me tell you what you see first so so remember you can pick hearing or or vision, but you can switch between them.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I started out.
Timothy Sackton: So, as the sensor appears you see.
Timothy Sackton: You use your sensor appears in a large room.
Timothy Sackton: Mostly dark lit only by.
Timothy Sackton: torches that line, the wall casting flickering shadows.
Timothy Sackton: You know across the room, the.
Timothy Sackton: The windows have been brick dub and the.
Timothy Sackton: And the second story and third story of this building, have been knocked out so there's this one room that goes up maybe 3540 feet tall.
Timothy Sackton: All the window is covered in stone so it's completely dark there's no light that gets in.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: On the ground, you see.
Timothy Sackton: This looks like it was once a.
Timothy Sackton: an audience Chamber throne room type of deal, there is a.
Timothy Sackton: There is.
Timothy Sackton: Like a diocese at the fall diocese the fall at far end that's raised up a few steps.
Timothy Sackton: there's debris as if, like old furniture has been cast the side.
Timothy Sackton: And there is just a plain.
Like.
Timothy Sackton: dark black metal possibly metal from a distance it's hard from you know from this perspective it's hard to say just a simple black chair sitting on this raised platform and seated in the.
Timothy Sackton: middle metal chair.
The a skeletal creature.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe seven foot tall i'm wearing.
Timothy Sackton: chainmail Armor.
Timothy Sackton: rafting against the.
Timothy Sackton: Against the back of the throne is a wicked looking glaze with a blade that sort of etched in.
Timothy Sackton: with like.
Timothy Sackton: Like it almost looks like it's been sort of slightly in a way, so it's got this jacket jacket edge.
Timothy Sackton: This skeletal creature is.
Timothy Sackton: sitting in this throne looking intently at two orcs that are kneeling on the ground.
Timothy Sackton: Like bow down entirely.
Timothy Sackton: On the.
Timothy Sackton: throne.
Timothy Sackton: On the ground, and in front of this this Chair um any he seems to be saying something quietly to them.
Mike Sackton: switch the audio.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep.
Timothy Sackton: Do you speak or cash.
Mike Sackton: We have a scroll of comprehend language so if you don't pass it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah um OK so moving quickly here.
Eric Rosenbaum: where's that scroll.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I just put them in the free end equipment list.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, so it's tongues.
Mike Sackton: is even better.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's what that one's called.
Eric Rosenbaum: um can I oh man I probably.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should academy is.
Timothy Sackton: Talking concentration.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: How to find out.
Timothy Sackton: No it's not you can cast the birth of the same time.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I can be in my clairvoyance and also cast the tongues.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah clairvoyance lets you use your senses tongues grants any creature, you talk to you touch the ability to understand any spoken language and hears.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, i'm doing it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: Say use your scroll.
Timothy Sackton: And suddenly mid sentence, the the orcas becomes becomes clear to you.
Timothy Sackton: And this creature sitting on the throne is saying.
Timothy Sackton: For the last.
Eric Rosenbaum: For the last.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: My name is crash and, here is my secret plan now he says, for the last time.
Timothy Sackton: First, a nose now whoever these intruders where humans elves.
Timothy Sackton: I will not have more incursions into my city.
Timothy Sackton: Stand bow your head.
Timothy Sackton: And the orcs kind of look at each other and they stand up and he takes this slave and he walks towards them and with one swing.
Timothy Sackton: cleaves both of their heads straight from their shoulders.
Eric Rosenbaum: Brutal.
Timothy Sackton: And he kicks the bodies to the side.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so I can't see well.
Sorry.
Eric Rosenbaum: I hear a double.
Timothy Sackton: And quickly to vision as here the thump and you see the two arcades heads.
Timothy Sackton: rolling to the ground.
Timothy Sackton: As the creature looks around and as it standing now.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: You can see that, so this chain Armor goes down to.
Timothy Sackton: You know, to maybe the middle of its waste and then its legs just kind of fade into shadow.
Timothy Sackton: And, as it swings the glade down and picks it up um you can see that.
Timothy Sackton: You know, although mostly that completely unadorned creature, just as plain chain mail this this wicked jacket looking glaze The one thing you do see is a ring on one of its skeletal fingers a black ring that shadow seems to lose out of and as it as the heads fall to the ground.
Timothy Sackton: The ring.
Timothy Sackton: sort of.
Timothy Sackton: It almost like pulses blood red slightly.
Mike Sackton: So, can you use your goggles while you're clairvoyant saying.
haha.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And can also I give can I give a seeker Saul sites, we can figure out how many hippos cross has.
Timothy Sackton: No, you can't do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: This couldn't be like crush jr is Deputy Assistant for.
Eric Rosenbaum: The engineers.
Are be.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: So, as the and as this ring poses you can you can see that the.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: body's like trivial as if all of the blood is being sucked out of them and and creature crash kind of.
Timothy Sackton: almost like takes it to like lifts his shoulders almost like taking a deep breath.
Timothy Sackton: And then, then looks around and.
Timothy Sackton: seems to be speaking again.
Eric Rosenbaum: I switch.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you switch oops hold on, let me just check one thing here.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is exciting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow this is awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: next step go fight him definitely.
Mike Sackton: yeah totally.
Mike Sackton: Totally good idea to fight him like maybe once or 10th level.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right now, and saying in general.
Mike Sackton: But absolutely totally excited to fight him.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Imagine him fighting enormous kenzo like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: gigantic, though.
Timothy Sackton: So as as as he seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: As he speaking he's um.
Timothy Sackton: he's he seems to be yelling in.
Timothy Sackton: let's see what language would this be.
Timothy Sackton: In drank Korean whoo he is saying.
Timothy Sackton: Come give me a give me a report and drifting through the wall.
Timothy Sackton: Of the from the from the West drifting through the wall, you see a shadow we.
Timothy Sackton: almost like us phantom skeleton like a.
Timothy Sackton: shadow creature like a ghost almost but dark and sort of slightly skeletal and got i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Also, wearing a helmet and Armor and with eyes that are like glowing points of light, whereas crashes eyes, like his skeletal face just pitch black like looking into his eyes is like looking into pools of pools of like deep.
Timothy Sackton: darkness and this creature dress through and and response and drink Korean.
Timothy Sackton: The arcs are distracted today no new leading from the city.
Timothy Sackton: it's been five weeks since we found anything magical it's the time to move on.
Timothy Sackton: push slams as glib down says no i'm sure there's more in this city.
Timothy Sackton: drive them harder.
Timothy Sackton: everybody's illuminate the zombies search all night.
Eric Rosenbaum: zombies.
Oh shit.
Mike Sackton: chicken crash wants it.
Timothy Sackton: And then i'm shot shadowy figure drifts off and.
Timothy Sackton: there's silence for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: switch back division.
Eric Rosenbaum: has switched division.
Timothy Sackton: You see.
Timothy Sackton: You see crush pacing and like.
Timothy Sackton: holding up his finger and like twisting this ring and, as he twist set again there's like you it's almost like you can you can almost feel the like he have the energy of this thing, and he then left his hand and raises it towards the ceiling.
Timothy Sackton: And you see these two shriveled bodies of the orcs stand up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh man, it was not just a story.
Timothy Sackton: And he takes their heads and he, like slams their heads back on them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hopefully, not swapping them they never.
Timothy Sackton: He doesn't care.
Timothy Sackton: And then he holds up his fifth and he any points that like this, like his wrist and almost like he's directing them like puppets.
Timothy Sackton: And they exit the hall out the door.
Timothy Sackton: At this point, let's see it's been what's the duration of the spell.
Mike Sackton: I think it's 10 minutes.
Eric Rosenbaum: That sounds right that's August.
Timothy Sackton: So he then.
He then goes to that.
Timothy Sackton: And i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Timothy Sackton: sets down leans has glazed back against this this iron chair and just.
Timothy Sackton: And, and while he's sitting it looks.
Timothy Sackton: It almost looks like its feet disappear into the door, because now, you can see that there's like a.
Mike Sackton: Like.
Timothy Sackton: pools of darkness shadow that kind of float around.
Timothy Sackton: And he he, like again crooks his finger and.
Timothy Sackton: And about.
Timothy Sackton: Eight shadows detach from the walls.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's got a lot of friends this guy.
Timothy Sackton: And just drift towards the Center of the room.
Timothy Sackton: And he leans close to them and begins to whisper.
Mike Sackton: Which.
Eric Rosenbaum: So as its first.
switch.
Timothy Sackton: You can hear the sound of of of him whispering um.
Timothy Sackton: go forth.
Timothy Sackton: find these invaders.
Timothy Sackton: Rain them.
Timothy Sackton: bring their.
Timothy Sackton: cursed bodies back.
trina.
Timothy Sackton: wow my friends.
Timothy Sackton: And he goes and he, like touches each one.
Timothy Sackton: With the with his hand that has the ring on it.
Timothy Sackton: And they shimmer for a moment and then fade back against the wall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They looked at the same shadows that were in the temple thing.
Timothy Sackton: They look similar yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Oh man they they drift forth he then kind of steps.
Timothy Sackton: With his head in his hands like looking down for a moment and then i'm reaches like.
Timothy Sackton: back and pulls out.
Timothy Sackton: begins to like reaches behind him and like sort of pulls a scroll out from his chair and starts to pull it down and the spell ends.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We are more this this is this shit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: reconnaissance mission ever.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was amazing.
Eric Rosenbaum: We got we got to get dealt with back here, we got to get out of here because.
Eric Rosenbaum: They just sent.
Eric Rosenbaum: Some undid apparitions after us to drain us, which I don't think means like drain our pockets, you know i'm saying.
Timothy Sackton: Well, if they are like the things you saw before and they probably are not going to cross the desert in the right stuff right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean if we do this again it's gonna be like rush, you know we come back in like you know, like 20 minutes later garage is like on this like couch.
Mike Sackton: Right you just cast the spell get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's got like a xbox and he's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Playing Mario.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Again passive again dude.
Timothy Sackton: or level slots right.
Eric Rosenbaum: um I have one more.
Mike Sackton: Yes, let's get born cast it again see if you can read the scroll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): The open fridge just kind of shaking.
Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You like fighter he's got like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just.
Timothy Sackton: hear stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: say it again.
Timothy Sackton: tongues lets you understand any spoken language.
Eric Rosenbaum: So just look.
Mike Sackton: draw very quickly, whatever you see on the scroll and give it to dealt with, who can read any language.
Eric Rosenbaum: or two adventuring right now.
Mike Sackton: yeah but i'll be back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: um which move.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm going to move I had now I have.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh wait no.
Timothy Sackton: that's or once it's in place.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now i'm casting again, so I can put it.
Timothy Sackton: into okay So where do you want to put it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Mike Sackton: But it like odd gratia shoulder.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah that's kind of what I was thinking.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that risky so there's certain conditions in which the sensor can be seen a creature benefiting from seeing visibility or true site crash doesn't have either those.
Mike Sackton: If he had true side he'd have already seen it.
Mike Sackton: Yet right if he.
Mike Sackton: can't feed visibility for a lot of trouble, but whatever I mean what's going to happen, he finds out, God knows we're around.
Rev. David (he/him): A lot of trouble.
Mike Sackton: Right exactly it's like it get worse.
Eric Rosenbaum: line is six this scroll near crushes head.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so given that you've already seen this room Now you can position it anywhere you'd like in the room.
Timothy Sackton: amazing um.
Timothy Sackton: clairvoyance is a great spell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It how much longer we wait another 15 minutes.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: I can't go much longer.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I was gonna say I think we got to finish this we should finish the scouting but.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Well, and.
Timothy Sackton: After that.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's what.
Timothy Sackton: I want like five or 10 minutes so Dallas can figure out what he sees to.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: i'm like another five minutes for this um.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so the.
Eric Rosenbaum: seth away the garage wraps are.
Timothy Sackton: But fruity pebbles is not.
For.
Eric Rosenbaum: fruity pebbles in a major way.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I know the reference i'm just saying i'm not sure that's something crush would say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I love working next.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so the sensor reappears um.
Timothy Sackton: You begin you'd like trying jot down the the.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: scroll what you see on this call, as fast as you can but as as.
Eric Rosenbaum: inadvertently casting it.
Eric Rosenbaum: over here to.
Timothy Sackton: Ah it's it's seems like a spouse like he's reading off he's like casting a spell.
Timothy Sackton: And the words vanish almost quicker than you can quicker than you can copy them down as the scroll suddenly.
Timothy Sackton: disappears and I like little burst of darkness.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Okay let's see.
Timothy Sackton: He says.
Switching to audio.
Timothy Sackton: So, as this spell thing spell cast.
Timothy Sackton: He.
Timothy Sackton: Everything pauses for a moment seems like he's speaking so you switch to audio and he's saying.
Timothy Sackton: Report.
Timothy Sackton: Yet more invaders.
Timothy Sackton: And it seems like as he's speaking like somehow these words are resonating with some sort of magical energy.
Eric Rosenbaum: We sending.
Mike Sackton: that's the yeah it's the 25 letters we have one of those scrolls to.
Timothy Sackton: Sending yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait hold on you.
Timothy Sackton: And you seem to have content part like slightly you've missed like the first five or six words are so saying.
Timothy Sackton: Report more innovators in the city.
Timothy Sackton: and continued failure to find.
Timothy Sackton: More.
Eric Rosenbaum: crash work seek.
Timothy Sackton: The orcs.
Timothy Sackton: will be ready let's see i'm not keeping track of boards or X will be ready to strike.
Mike Sackton: Okay, he said, as many words to see what we're not we're not stick with.
Timothy Sackton: The rx will be ready.
Timothy Sackton: That works will be ready to strike by fall.
Timothy Sackton: and whose gosh will fall.
Timothy Sackton: But the rest of the treasure remains hidden to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's like they know something's there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was he sending this to you, sending are you sending it to his fucking boss.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who is the word for.
sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For delegate so.
Eric Rosenbaum: convenient how to deal with is just not around right at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: And then, all is silence again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Political instance.
Timothy Sackton: And you hear the sound of pacing.
Timothy Sackton: switch to visual and you can see that he is pacing back and forth.
Timothy Sackton: In this rum.
Timothy Sackton: Step step step.
i'm.
Timothy Sackton: seeming to just be waiting for something.
Eric Rosenbaum: You may receive a repeat lies pace.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think now it's mental.
Timothy Sackton: to cast the spell you have to speak your message out loud, but the reply is telepathic.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, the response man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can look at his expression is crazy like yes.
Mike Sackton: It has faced like just a basic.
Timothy Sackton: interface is just.
Timothy Sackton: A basically a pet of blackness.
About.
Timothy Sackton: Five minutes later um.
Timothy Sackton: He stops and he.
Timothy Sackton: throws his blamed down on the ground.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice Nice.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Like his pacing pause for a moment and then he reaches and he picks it up and slams it into the wall.
Timothy Sackton: carving like chunks of stone flying.
Timothy Sackton: rubble being tossed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there any chance we'd befriend crash.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sit on the iron throne.
Eric Rosenbaum: He says cool man who should be working for him yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He doesn't seem very emotionally intelligent, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: he's got style but.
Rev. David (he/him): he's got anger management problems.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: measure problems he's got orcs with like bodies that are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: headset or mixed matched in his army.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pretty but he's he's got a good team, you know.
Timothy Sackton: And with that you see nothing else before the spell fades.
Timothy Sackton: Just rush sitting after having cast that spell and received his reply, which apparently angered him.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was a good use of to spell slots suggestion to do, clearly, the second time was good yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So getting mission ever.
Timothy Sackton: yeah Well, this is going on i'm down with you our scouting through the.
Timothy Sackton: yeah the sort of northern part of the of the okay so.
Timothy Sackton: You sort of scout quietly towards the edge of the city and on the on this northern side of the town of the city, the wall is just In most places just completely flattened like it's been.
Timothy Sackton: You know whether it's been just taken over the years for stone or I mean some places it looks like it's been smashed like by a large boulder or giant sized club.
Timothy Sackton: The you know that gate here that you enter through is mostly destroyed just part of one tower still stands.
Timothy Sackton: And this this part the sort of northern ruin side of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the town seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: In the worst shape of any.
Timothy Sackton: of any of the of the this is from from from while be spelled scouting and so as you enter, you can see um.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: Like you know there's there's like a road basically running from the from the gate.
Timothy Sackton: And us continue down and and you're passing through a part of town it's but it's it's hard to tell what even what this once was because few of the buildings, still have have walls, even in almost non have roots so you're basically wandering through like foundations occasionally um.
Timothy Sackton: You know, occasionally you'll see something with a partial roof intact and you know a few things that might be warehouses or.
Timothy Sackton: You know, maybe a bakery or or homes but it's difficult to to tell much of the city here, as this.
Timothy Sackton: As this area has has suffered the seemingly the most damage um is there anything in particular you're looking for like what's your goal with this scouting mission.
Mike Sackton: um two things.
Mike Sackton: I am going to work for just signs of activity, but also i'm going to try and see if I can find anything distinctive that I can pick up and bring back to show, and you dumb as these mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good car.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, like okay i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I mean there's plenty of pieces of robbo from houses or walls.
Mike Sackton: Ah, I wonder.
Mike Sackton: It would have to be to be valuable to bring to get the history of an object, I think, would have to be a notable building.
Mike Sackton: Is there any.
Mike Sackton: Any building any ruined buildings that.
Mike Sackton: seem more notable than others.
Make.
Timothy Sackton: Investigation check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who should we have done this for the monastery to know the objects that we needed it should be brought back in the monster.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean it's hard to it's really hard to tell about the the the buildings, given that.
Timothy Sackton: Most of them don't really even have I mean, these are real, these are really ruins and you're not given that you're moving relatively quickly, in the time pressure on.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: You know you don't have a.
Timothy Sackton: sense that there's like a notable building two things that you do note, one is that, as you know, once you've got about five minutes into the city five you know 510 ish minutes, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: You start hearing it's been it's been quite quiet.
Timothy Sackton: For the most part, but as you as you kind of cross the walls and get about a short distance into the city you start hearing in the distance like a faint whispering voice like.
Timothy Sackton: it's done Mari it sounds like somebody's begging crying begging for help and then again it's somewhere else in the distance you hear like a fate sobbing and then a.
Timothy Sackton: A sad a whisper like a whispered conversation in hushed voices that's too far away to.
Timothy Sackton: To tell what they're saying.
Mike Sackton: Totally all traps i'm not following Friday of that stuff.
The other thing, as you.
Timothy Sackton: put these boys.
Mike Sackton: garage trying to get us to all die by saving non existent people, I think.
Rev. David (he/him): Maybe the rest of the army that you got trapped with.
Mike Sackton: Now, because they were all dead, I saw their dead bodies.
Timothy Sackton: Plus, they were out, and these are speaking done.
Mike Sackton: yeah i'm.
Timothy Sackton: As you.
Timothy Sackton: As you start a search for some landmark or something what you do come across a little ways down this main road is the remains of a of a big open marketplace.
Timothy Sackton: Probably given its its position in the city um this would have been like the River market like goods coming back and forth on the River would have been you know brought into town, and this is where a lot of.
Timothy Sackton: Trade happened it's it's not nearly as big as this East market that that um.
Timothy Sackton: That well be soft from the air, but there's a small market like right about here, and you can see, you know facing on that market there's definitely there's a couple like shops and warehouses um that seem a little bit more intact.
Timothy Sackton: as well, is just off the market what was probably a bath house or something like that, given the way that the.
Timothy Sackton: interior construction is the roof is no longer no longer there.
Mike Sackton: When was Carson destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: sometime after the great war.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I guess, not totally white do we know, like the story of the fall, or is it not, is it a little.
Timothy Sackton: It was a band in shortly.
Mike Sackton: After great.
Timothy Sackton: War, because the because the played front went as far as the.
Timothy Sackton: As you know about 1015 miles west of the Carter river of this river and so anybody who didn't flee presumably died in the plague right.
Timothy Sackton: So it was abandoned when it was written out when it was at that point, it was not ruined ruined sure nobody really knows when it was exactly right right okay.
um.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so i'm going to look for a i'm going to take like five minutes to search around and one of the shops for like an item I don't know like a coin or.
Mike Sackton: earn a crack piece of pottery or.
Timothy Sackton: hey i'm.
Timothy Sackton: make another investigation jack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: loving.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see um.
Timothy Sackton: So you do you do find.
Timothy Sackton: A shop that has a.
Timothy Sackton: Where the.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: walls and part of the roof of the first floor intact, and so this was clearly like.
Timothy Sackton: It looks like it was actually a um.
Timothy Sackton: Well it's hard to it's hard to say what kind of shop, it was because it's the interiors most most been cleared out but it's presumably a place where you know somebody has shop on the first floor.
Timothy Sackton: And then some artists and lived on the on the second floor on the second floor is gone and the roof is kind of collapse, but enough shelter that.
Timothy Sackton: You know, you can find.
Timothy Sackton: You can still find some some sort of small small sort of trinkets in the.
Timothy Sackton: You know, in the.
Timothy Sackton: cracks.
Timothy Sackton: And, and what you find is.
Timothy Sackton: Like the parts of a of.
Sorry hold on one SEC.
Timothy Sackton: So, so this was this was probably a.
Timothy Sackton: i'm a glass blowers shop.
Timothy Sackton: And you find.
Timothy Sackton: us like three or four kind of.
Timothy Sackton: shattered.
Timothy Sackton: glass ornaments and one that seems still intact i'm sort of like you know.
Timothy Sackton: it's like they're like the tops of hurricane lamps that you put over candles i'm blown out of glass.
Timothy Sackton: And there's some some like rusty glass blowing tools as well.
Mike Sackton: i'll take it i'll take all of it.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I seem none of it's very heavy no.
Mike Sackton: um and then on my way out.
Mike Sackton: The only other thing I want to try and do is get a sense of what's been any I mean, is there any activity, like in this part of town has anything.
Timothy Sackton: make a perception check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You try to take a chunk of the palace do.
Mike Sackton: I nervous I don't want to go too close to the palace.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: garage will find you.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So I mean you still hear the voices.
Timothy Sackton: there's now one that's you know, a new voice that.
Timothy Sackton: seems to be coughing.
Timothy Sackton: And i'm whispering.
Timothy Sackton: How, please.
again.
Mike Sackton: Coming from a specific I mean if I took one minute to walk in the direction of the voice is it coming from somewhere or is it just.
Timothy Sackton: yeah they're yeah they're all coming from specific directions, you could walk in the direction of the voice.
Mike Sackton: Is it coming towards a towards the palace they're like.
Mike Sackton: No, they seem.
Timothy Sackton: To be all of like all different directions.
Mike Sackton: If there's a voice that's near that seems like it's coming from a ruin or something like that, where I could stay on the edge of the town i'll go towards it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you you there is there is one i'm like a soft soft sobbing voice that's just kind of moaning and then or start crying and then occasionally saying.
Timothy Sackton: Please, no.
Timothy Sackton: i'm is sounds like it's sort of coming like close from close to the walls and you, you walk in that direction sort of weaving through the ruins for for a minute or two and.
Timothy Sackton: don't seem to get any closer.
Timothy Sackton: it's like it.
Timothy Sackton: You know you're clearly going in the direction it's coming from, but as you proceed you're not.
Timothy Sackton: you're not getting closer to it.
Mike Sackton: i'm not going to mess around with weird haunted ghosts city to.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so in terms of activity um.
Timothy Sackton: You know, things are things are beyond the voices.
Timothy Sackton: You know you you hear you let's say you've been in the city for about 20 minutes at this point.
Timothy Sackton: So you do actually hear the sound of an approaching or patrol they're not particularly being quiet they're like you know talking to each other and, in our case you don't know what they're saying i'm you know not being stealthy at all, there may be 10 minutes off.
Timothy Sackton: But otherwise it seems pretty empty like you'll see you know birds overhead occasionally like vultures are out and the occasional Hawk and you know.
Timothy Sackton: When you're poking around in the you know, in the glass shop You sometimes hear the sound of a snake slithering offer or maybe, like us, you know small lizard or something running out of the shadows, but it seems very quiet.
Mike Sackton: All right, i'm gonna.
Mike Sackton: i'm gonna get out before the before I have to wait for the patrol to pass I guess 10 minutes away i'll go in front of it and just get back to the bridge head out the gate.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: with you all back at the bridge your.
Timothy Sackton: News, I assume, at this point, you you're gonna head West.
Mike Sackton: yeah let's not wait for the shadows to catch us, I mean they probably will catch us anyway because crushing chanted them to be able to find us but.
they're coming.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're gonna go party with rush now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now that, no, no, we can be.
Mike Sackton: freaking haunted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's not what you fake like we're all friends.
Mike Sackton: I think all the dead temari are you know.
Mike Sackton: who died horribly are haunting the city.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That is the revenue cycle solution traps.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't think those were like illusions like.
Mike Sackton: I don't think so, I think.
Mike Sackton: sounded a little too.
Mike Sackton: Much like real Denmark people who really died horribly.
Mike Sackton: wow and and I went towards one and it didn't trigger any trap, I mean it wasn't like it wasn't like learning me in.
Mike Sackton: Right, it was a trap when you went.
Mike Sackton: towards it, it would.
Mike Sackton: sound like you would get you would be directing you somewhere yeah right if it's just nebulous like that I think it's truly haunted I think there's a lot of on.
Mike Sackton: I think there's a lot of.
Mike Sackton: disturbed souls trapped in that city somewhere.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I gotta go yeah.
Mike Sackton: We do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That was that was awesome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was awesome so glad we did that and learn saga rush that was epic.
Eric Rosenbaum: It really epic sounds cool.
Timothy Sackton: Before everybody goes.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, pick up with you.
Leaving the.
Timothy Sackton: Leaving Carson next time.
Timothy Sackton: i'm going to stop the recording.